b'56086834'	b'Requirements gathering questionarie templete'	b'I have a client who ask me to redesign his e-learning website,and we had a first call he explained everything about his website.Now how I prepare a questionnaire template for asking him about all the functionalities in the website and about the design of the website.  Thanks in advance. '
b'43264418'	b'How to phrase requirements around cyber security?'	b"I'm stuck trying to write software requirements around cyber security.  I'm designing a system where two devices communicate over Bluetooth, and (for example) I am going to (1) enable the BLE feature to help guard against Man-in-the-Middle attacks, and (2) add more code to make it even less likely.  Where I'm stuck, is writing the requirement for this feature.  I can't say 'The app shall prevent Man-in-the-Middle attacks' because that's not testable.  I can't say 'The app shall work really hard to prevent Man-in-the-Middle attacks' because it sounds stupid and is not testable.  I have similar problems writing the requirements for the code I'm implementing to guard against Denial of Service attacks and general eavesdropping.  Note that I'm not asking how to do this in Bluetooth - I'm looking for help in writing the requirements document for this application so that the resulting requirements are 'Unambiguous, Testable (verifiable), Clear (concise, terse, simple, precise), Correct, Understandable, Feasible (realistic, possible), Independent, and Atomic.' "
b'54668439'	b'When shall I create UML diagrams when developing software?'	b'I am currently working on a new software and I am not sure how to go on.  I already started coding before having a good plan.  My opinion was to start with below sequence   Create User Stories Create BMSC &amp; Hsmc Code the required features Test Refactor &amp; solve bugs   Now I want to know where do I put the UML Diagram, before coding or after coding? '
b'16475979'	b'What is the difference between functional and non functional requirement?'	b'What is the difference between functional and non-functional requirements in the context of designing a software system?  Give examples for each case. '
b'213303'	b'Software Requirements Analysis'	b"There are many tools out there for writing and managing requirements, but are there any good ones for reviewing them?    I'm not talking about managing reviews, but automation tools that look for common requirement blunders (such as using negative requirements, or ones that are worded in a way that makes testing difficult). More of a screening tool that someone writing requirements can use to screen their document before distributing to a group of reviewers so that the review process need not be slowed down by everyone commenting on the same easily recognizable issues.  I'm curious if anyone's used anything like this in the past. "
b'55406955'	b'How to generate a KAOS diagram?'	b"I am taking a class on Requirements Engineering and it involves making various diagrams. I used PlantUML to make Sequence and Use Case diagrams. But now I need to make KAOS diagrams. I don't think that PlantUML has everything I need for creating KAOS diagrams or even flowcharts. I could use activity diagram but it doesn't have parallelograms. Is there any software you know about which can help with creating KAOS diagrams or even flowcharts from some kind of script (like PlantUML)? "
b'55077140'	b'How to write structured, testable requirements on software API?'	b"Could you please give some guidance on how to write structured, testable requirements on software API (functions)?  For example, let's look at the following documentation:  _Unwind_Reason _Unwind_RaiseException( struct _Unwind_Exception *exception_object );  Raise an exception, passing along the given exception object, which should have its exception_class and exception_cleanup fields set. The exception object has been allocated by the language-specific runtime, and has a language-specific format, except that it must contain an _Unwind_Exception struct (see Exception Header above). _Unwind_RaiseException does not return, unless an error condition is found (such as no handler for the exception, bad stack format, etc.). In such a case, an _Unwind_Reason_Code value is returned. Possibilities are:  - _URC_END_OF_STACK: The unwinder encountered the end of the stack during phase 1, without finding a handler. The unwind runtime will not have modified the stack. The C++ runtime will normally call uncaught_exception() in this case.  - _URC_FATAL_PHASE1_ERROR: The unwinder encountered an unexpected error during phase 1, e.g. stack corruption. The unwind runtime will not have modified the stack. The C++ runtime will normally call terminate() in this case.  If the unwinder encounters an unexpected error during phase 2, it should return _URC_FATAL_PHASE2_ERROR to its caller.   This is a documentation. It must be translated into a set (hierarchical list?) of requirements, and each requirement must have its own unique id and must be clearly testable.   I will be very grateful for your advice! "
b'54842534'	b'Shall Statement System Function Requirements vs Use Cases'	b"Question: Why do system/software development businesses favor use case requirements over shall statement system requirements?    Comparison:    Functional requirements of a system is generally defined with either of:  1-traditional shall statement system requirements  2-use cases (textual or diagram)  Both of these approaches are tried to be used such to provide system requirements as treating the system as 'black box', i.e. the requirements should not to define sub-system detail.  I feel traditional shall statements are abandoned, however i also think them are well-defining for the system. I do not find use-cases by nature as a way of writing SMART or good requirements. They are either not atomic, not testable, defining or depended to other system behavior, over-defining system, or defining sub-system behavior to define system interactions. I think, traditional shall statement requirements are better by their atomic nature for requirement management. However, i have seen it is also criticized as difficult to complete, when completed difficult to adapt to changes. I argue otherwise. They might be difficult to complete, but you have to have complete requirements. You might not start with a complete set, but you can complete, as you go. I do not also think they are hard to adapt changes. I think, with use cases, single change is more prone to effect other parts of requirements. But good shall-statement requirements are supposed to be atomic. With a traceable requirement management, for example any change in interfaces, can easily point to which requirements to change/remove/add. You can even abstract your requirements from the interface detail, by using symbols for interface elements, in order to increase your ability to adapt changes in interfaces.    EXAMPLE:    I want to further elaborate with the following example. For the sake of simplicity, the functional definition will be small.  Let's say, i have a system consisting of 4 subsystems. System1 controls system2. System2 controls system3 and system4. System2 has the capability of powering on and off System3 and System4. System1 sends message1 to system2, for controlling system3. System1 sends message2 to system2, for controlling system4. The system that i need to define is system2.   Use case approach:  MAIN FLOW   system2 receives 'message1' message from 'system1' (Alternative statement: system1 sends 'message1' to system2.) system2 receives 'power on system3'. system2 powers on 'system3' system2 receives 'message2' message from 'system1' (Alternative statement: system1 sends 'message2' to system2.) system2 receives 'power on system4'. system2 powers on 'system4'.   Alternative Flow1(MF.2):  1. system2 receives 'power off system3'.  2. system2 powers off 'system3'  Alternative Flow2(MF.4):  1. system2 receives 'power off system4'.  2. system2 powers off 'system4'  Shall Statement Requirements:  REQ1: 'System2' shall power on 'system3', if 'system1' applied 'power on system3' with message 'message1'.  REQ2: 'System2' shall power off 'system3', if 'system1' applied 'power off system3' with message 'message1'.  REQ3: 'System2' shall power on 'system4', if 'system1' applied 'power on system4' with message 'message2'.  REQ4: 'System2' shall power off 'system4', if 'system1' applied 'power off system4' with message 'message2'.  Note: I would even combine REQ1 and REQ2 as one requirement, and REQ3 and REQ4 as one requirement, since they are two distinct set of requirements, whose union defines every condition applied by the user system ('system1').  I think that a requirement should be clear, realizable, testable, not-conflicting with other requirements, time-bound if necessary, not-defining with subsystem behavior, not over-defining, not-defining behavior of other interacting systems, defining in which condition it is fulfilled. I think the shall-statement requirements are good enough. You can simply realize them and just write simple test-cases and verify the system.  For the use case statements, i think, we have to define if each of the steps in the main flow is a requirement, or if the whole scenario is one single requirement.  If each of the steps is a requirement, then i think step 1,2 defines other system behavior if it is written in alternative way, and they are not testable, since only way to test is to ask the system if it received the message. step 3. could be okay, but what we want is that requirement to be fulfilled if step 1&amp;2 happened before. Since step3 does not reference step1&amp;2, step3 cannot be a standalone requirement.  I think we should regard all of them as one single requirement. I find this view is more feasible, nevertheless i think, this view has pitfalls too.   Still step 1. is defining other system behavior, or dependent on it. You might argue otherwise by saying it is a precondition of the whole scenario, but in that case step 4. is also defining other system behavior. I think the requirements should not depend on what other systems are supposed to do, rather define all-cases not depending to other systems.   Furthermore, since the use case is a sequence, now we are also defining 'power system3' operations are before 'power system4' operations. But in the role of a system engineer, that is not something i want to define for system2. System2 should process in which order, the orders came. Sequencing these operations is over-defining and sub-system behavior, to-me.  I tried to make the example simple. But in extensive real life scenarios, use cases are generally long, they have to define unnecessary sub-system behavior in order to be able to define system interactions, not atomic, not testable or generating test-cases is not as natural as it is with shall-statement requirements, which are atomic. Since the use-cases are long, they are composed of multiple atomic shall-statement requirements. If whole long scenario of a use case of lots of atomic requirements is seen as one single requirement, then when the related test-case fails, then how to pinpoint and document the problem.  "
b'169765'	b'How do you get non-technical folks to appreciate a non-UI problem?'	b"Suppose you're working on an enterprise project in which you have to get management signoff in order for you to develop a new feature set. Usually your management has no problem signing off on some bright shiny new UI feature. Unfortunately they have a hard time appreciating some behind-the-scenes issues that are crucial to the application's well-being such as transactions, data integrity, workflow routing, configurability, security, etc. Since they're non-technical and these issues are not immediately visible, it's not obvious to them that this is crucial.  How have you convinced them that these infrastructural issues have to be dealt with and that it is important to their business process? "
b'54535865'	b'I Need help finding a list of non-functional requirement benchmarks?'	b"I am doing a course on Non-functional testing and I need to find and test an open source program. I have found a ton of programs that I would like to use but unfortunately, not many of the programs come with the non-functional requirements which I need.   Can someone who works with creating these programs advise what are the common non function requirements for a online music application?  Or is their a direction I can go in to find a program that includes the code and the non functional requirements?  I have tried searching online through github for many various programs. The ones that do have non-functional requirements are very vague such as 'Must run fast' or 'Must never crash' "
b'54496513'	b'functional vs technical requirement'	b'building a web base drawing application. While capturing requirement I am putting below likes under technical   Building web base application in HTML5 and JS framework is my technical requirement It should run in browsers, chrome, firefox etc   Below requirements are Functional or I can put them in technical too?  Requirements like it should allow preview while printing, and able to print  It should allow customizing toolbars '
b'53581142'	b'Correct classification of client requirements for UML diagrams?'	b"I needed to classify the following RQs as a    Design objective,  Design Decisions,  Functional Req,  Non-Functional Req   (so I can do class diagram and use case diagram based on them later).  I wanted to know if I'm on the right track here (the bold face is my guess for each requirement):  Requirement document  Purchase Commitment System.   The software is to calculate a number of details needed to purchase by a factory in order to produce its products. (Design decision) The software must be written in C++ or Java Programming Languages on the computer IBM PC. (Design decision) The number of products should be equal to 4. (Non-Functional Req) A general aim in the design of the software is to improve the portability of software. (Non-Functional Req) The system should accept as input (make as a text file) the data about a number, amount and price of detail for every type of products. (Functional Req) A number of details for every type of products should not be less than 5. The first and second type of products should have 2 same details. The second and fourth type of products should have one same detail. The third type of products should have 2 same details with the fourth type and one same detail with the first type of products. (Design Objective) The operator should be logged in and logged out to the system by login and password. (Design Objective) At the beginning an operator must provide the following items of data (a validation of input data should be provided):   A number of every type of products to be produced by the factory for 3 months ahead.   (Functional Req)  The software must produce for each action of an operator a report (the report should be saved in a file by the operator's request). The report must consist of :    (Functional or Design Objective Req)  -A number of every detail needed to purchase.   The total price for every detail. The total price for all the details   "
b'53360336'	b'External System in UML'	b'I am currently working on software requirements specification document, I am creating a use case to validate or communicate with external system, for example I a want to creating a use case that about sending notification emails to user outlook contacts, donI need to specified the detail for the external system? Like calidation or credentials? '
b'52849063'	b'Searching for free requirements management software'	b"I am looking for a requirements management software, like DOORS, but for free (I need to enter requirements, and generate a specification document, not only follow requirement traceability like reqtify allows you to do) I searched on the Internet, and I found the nearly perfect sofware : GenSpec. Moreover, GenSpec use templates with standards, like IEEE 830 which is the one I am interested in.  I said 'nearly perfect' because the document generation does not work in GenSpec (runtime error). So I tried to subscribe to the google group to ask some assistance, but I think it is an old software which is not supported and updated anymore (for info, I downloaded GenSpec 6.8.40 and I work with Microsoft Office 2016, I think there is a compatibility issue, but it is only an hypothesis)  So I am posting this subject here if someone can :   Either tell me if there is a similar software ? Or, knows GenSpec and can perhaps help me with my document generation issue (I could give more details in this case) ?   Thanks ! "
b'52858824'	b'How do we gather and document non-functional requirements in Agile'	b'I know in waterfall, they are gathered and documented at an early stage of SDLC, I believe very first stage. Therefore, they are captured and documented before development and testing even starts.  But I am confused how is that done in Agile?   If I understand correctly, user stories should be written with acceptance criteria which capture non-functional requirements. But in Agile, we pick project, create it, and start working on it right away.    So, my guess is that someone (perhaps product owner) goes through user stories and collects acceptance criteria into a formatted document which then becomes Non-Functional-Requirements document? '
b'52193141'	b'Storing requirements/specification documents in TFS on-premise'	b"We're starting a new development project using on-premise TFS 2018, git and Visual Studio. In the past we've followed the Agile model of creating epics and user stories and putting the requirements/ui mockups and other details directly in the user stories.  After living through that approach, we don't want go back down that road for the following reasons: 1) Once that feature is shipped, it becomes extremely difficult to locate the info. Who remembers what feature was done in what user story? 2) No centralized place to store feature documentation. Of course, we all don't want take the waterfall approach of spending 2 years writing feature requirements, but there is something to be said of having a centralized place organized by feature area that contains the relevant documentation. 3) Have you ever tried to read an extensive user story with requirements acceptance testing through either the web interface or through Visual Studio? It gets old pretty fast having to read through a 8 line window.  What we would like to do is do a hybrid of documentation and reference a link to the doc in the user story.  The user story exists for sprint tracking, but the details are stored in the document.  After the feature/user story has shipped, we can refer to the doc.  Therefore the question becomes how to store this type of info in TFS and link to it so it can open with a link in the user story.  We know we can do this with SharePoint, but is it possible to do in on-premise TFS? "
b'39745008'	b'Should Multiple Actors share the same Goals in Actor-Goal list'	b"Craig Larman states that creating an Actor[/User]-Goal list in form of some table/grid is a good technique for finding Use Cases during Requirements Analysis. (Applying UML and Patterns - P. 69 ff)  Some simple two-column table should be enough to provide a good Overview for this example; imagine following Actor-Goal List:  Actor    Goal                     Admin    Create User                '      Read User                  '      .. (full CRUD)             '      CRUD Entry                 '      Assign Entry (to User)     '      ..                        User     Create Entry               '      .. (full CRUD)             '      CRUD himself?              '      ..                        Admin can do what User can + more like managing the Users of the System under Development or assigning Entries to them.  Admin and User clearly are sharing some Goals(Can we use the term Use Case yet?).  Im not really sure where to go from here in terms of refining this Actor-Goal list.  My brain tells me that i can spare time and effort by reusing/abstraction here, so I will most likely end up with one common superclass implementing the CRUD Entry behaviour, where Admin is extending the functionality by the Manage Goals(CRUD User, assign, etc.).  But I know that this is rather a question of Design than Analysis. I also know that I can write the Use Case for this in isolation: I dont have to state who exactly uses it, I just need to know that it's some entity which is adhering to the given contract[/interface].   When is the time to start thinking about abstraction? Am I overcomplicating things by doing so right now? Should We leave the Actor-Goal list like above and check it off as a 'complete' Artifact?  Since the classical purpose of an Actor-Goal list is to provide some quick overview for our next Artifact - the Use Case Diagram - could we begin the transition right here?:   The Use Case Diagram makes the whole reusing part much more visible (at least to me). Would it be advisable to adopt the redundancy right now and take care of it during later stages (e.g. design)?  Appreciate your input!   EDIT: Also I'm not quite sure about the User CRUDing himself.. But lets keep things simple and stick to the main question. "
b'52048800'	b'Performance testing NFR&#39;s'	b'I was reviewing some NFRs for a large system we were building in my organization, and thought what actually are reasonable requirements for a system of this scale (this system will support millions of users in future).   Are there any guidelines/examples one could follow to have some sort of idea of what type of non-functional requirements would be expected for a fairly large system.      '
b'15520832'	b'Does a UML use can show everything the actor can do (functionality) or everything the actor wants to do (goals)?'	b"Suppose we have a simple on-line store. Things that the user would want to achieve with the store would be:   Register (to create an account) Browse items Add items to basket Checkout and pay View account information Edit account information etc   However, there would be functionality that the user could initiate but wouldn't be their main goal of using the system:   Login Logout Select 'electronics' department Select 'vehicles' department Enter delivery details etc   I would argue that things like login and logout shouldn't be in the UML use case diagram. The reason being that a user would not want to go to the on-line store just to login; they would always have another aim which would be to view / edit account information or browse and buy stuff.  Likewise, the two select 'statements' are part of the browse items use case. I wouldn't use generalisation because there could be many departments.  Finally, the enter delivery details is part of the 'checkout' or 'edit account information' use case. I would normally lump this in with the 'edit account information' use case otherwise you may as well have use cases for 'edit name', 'edit email' etc.  My main concern is if you have a very complex use case diagram it defeats the purpose of having one as it won't be easy to read.  So, my question is as follows. Is my thinking behind this correct? Is it best to only model 'real' goals in the use case diagrams or everything that the actors can initiate? "
b'51020927'	b'MS VSTS How do I view Requirements in a tree'	b"We are in the process of evaluating VSTS as a Requirements/Test Management platform.  Is there a way of viewing Requirements (Or Work Items in General) in a tree structure?  I have tried but can't find any way of doing it.  Cheers "
b'15926758'	b'Scalable VS Extensible'	b"I'm not sure if this type of question is allowed here, but it is related to software projects.  Is there a difference between scalable and extensible?  Is extensible a sub-set of scalable? I.e. Scalable (extensible)  Some regard it as the same, others regard it as different. What are the differences?  I am led to believe:  Scalable - make the system withstand more usage (bandwidth etc...) AND make it larger.  Extensible - add more functionality to the system.  Are they not the same?  Edit: If extensible is adding more functionality to the system and scalable can be deemed as making a system larger, is that not theoretically the same, proving that extensible is just a sub-set of scalable? "
b'28840'	b'Scrum - How to get better input from the functional/commercial team'	b"We are a small team of 3 developers (2 experienced but new to  this particular business sector) developing a functionally complex product.  We're using Scrum and have a demo at the end of each sprint.  Its clear that the functional team have plenty of ideas but these are not well communicated to the development team and the demo poses more questions than answers.   Have you any recommendations for improving the the quality of input from the functional people?  Further info: I think part of the problem is that there are no specs or  User Stories as such.  Personally I think they need to be writing down some sort of requirements - what sort of things should they be writing down and to what complexity given its an agile process? "
b'3452980'	b'Business rules integration to User Stories'	b"I have a set of User Stories and I have a set of business rules (primarily laws binding my requirements to be compliant). In Agile SDLC I'm not sure where these 'rules' are attached to my user stories.  For example, a user story like:     As a doctor I want to add patient information in order to create a new patient file.   And a rule like:     The following information must be entered in the record of each patient:     (a)      patient:    (i)    name and given name;    (ii)    address;    (iii)    date of birth; and    (iv)    sex;   These two clearly come together, but how can I link them? As test acceptance definitions in my user story? Another user story? "
b'278199'	b'Best way to communicate with a programmer to define a project?'	b'What are the best set of details to give to a programmer to define a project?  Simply put, I know what I want done, but I know nothing about programming and so what is the best way to define my project to a programmer so he/she gives me what I need.  i.e  project summary, design brief, flow charts? '
b'1084189'	b'Requirement gathering over banking website'	b"I'm currently gathering different requirments over banking website development, and one of the part which I want to know deeply is 'saving account' .   What the internal working do I have to keep in mind for making a website over 'saving account' part?   Thanks in advance. "
b'16614368'	b'Software Testing vs Software Evaluation'	b"Can anyone clearly explain the difference between Software Testing and Software Evaluation?  I think I have pretty clear what Testing is, but I don't have that clear what Evaluation is, so can you please provide an example?  And finally, if I wanted to include a list of the previously defined requirements of the project, establishing whether each of them has been achieved, and in the case it's not been achieved, a discussion of why not... where does this fit? "
b'17742154'	b'What is the difference between SRS and Requirement Analysis?'	b'My understanding of Requirement Analysis is that it is a process and the document created during this process is SRS (Software Requirement  Specification). '
b'43737602'	b'How to model Requirements Using SPES and Harmony Method?'	b'I am working on finding Requirement Modelling Methods. There are a lot of methods like SPES, Harmony, INCOSE OOSEM, JPL State Analysis etc.  I have gathered details regarding SPES Method but I want to compare this method with Harmony Method.  In SPES Method we have different Viewpoints like Requirement Viewpoint, Functional Viewpoint, Logical Viewpoint and Technical Viewpoint.  To model our Requirements we use Requirement View point and there are few model according to different artifacts. Models contains specific SysML / UML diagrams to explain the artifacts.    Context model. Goal model. Scenario model. Structural Model (Data structures -SysMLBlock Diagram) Operational Model (SysML Activities Diagram) Behavioral Requirements Model Requirements Formalization   I know something about Harmony Method but vague description.  Like we use Usecase diagrams for Requirement Modelling then we use activity Diagrams for description of relationship between requirements and then we use Sequence diagrams.  Can someone explain me about Harmony method? Which type of Model diagrams we use in Harmony Method?  How we model our requirements in Harmony Method?  Which Method is more useful SPES or Harmony and why?  Actually I will use the data based on this comparison to model our Requirements in IBM Rational Rhapsody tool.  Thanks a lot in Advance for cooperation and expert opinion. '
b'38761365'	b'Trace backlog user stories to requirements in Enterprise Architect'	b'I work on the IT site in an agile project where the business uses a back log and user stories to capture business requirements. The IT team uses Enterprise architect to model the application, system requirements being one of the elements.   What are the best practices for tracing the backlog user stories to the system requirements? Reason for tracing is to demonstrate the business requirements have been implemented.   And how to handle user stories that changes a EA requirement? Trace the req to both user stories? As one user story will be invalid this somehow feels redundant?  A briljant idea, anyone? Silver bullet also accepted..  '
b'41451283'	b'INCLUDE statement in the alternate flow of a business use case'	b"I'm doing a requirements analysis for a system and currently I try to write the business use cases (BUC) and make business use case diagram. I currently use the following guidelines:   When I have optional extra steps for a BUC I use an EXTEND-statement to point to the BUC where these optional steps can be found. Both the BUC that extends and the one that is extended can exist on it's own. When I have duplicate functionality in multiple BUC's I try to extract the this and put it in a separate BUC. Then I use an INCLUDE-statement in the BUC where I extracted the functionality, to point to the BUC where this functionality can be found. The BUC in which you point to the external BUC with the INCLUDE-statement cannot work on it's own.   This all worked fine for until I arrived at the following situation:   In the alternate flow of a BUC (let's call this one A) there's duplicate functionality that I already have specified in another BUC (let's call this one B). So naturally I want to use the INCLUDE-statement to point to B. If I do this I also have to show this in my business use case diagram. If I draw an INCLUDE arrow in the diagram (from A to B) it looks like A cannot exist without B. However this is not the case, as A only needs B when it's in the alternate flow.   I considered following options:   I keep all the functionality in the the alternate flow, but this makes the alternate flow too long and creates duplicate functionality. I use extend instead, but this imposes that B is optional while if you are in the alternate flow of A, you have to go through B.   Any thoughts? "
b'4387459'	b'Requirements ( Functional , non-functional and user requirements)'	b'can you please provide examples on requirements of the type ( functional , non-functional and user requirements ) of a website social network ( lets say the facebook ) ?  thanx in advance '
b'40434632'	b'How to define effective use case?'	b"I'm trying to define use cases for my project. The problem is I'm not sure how to effectively define a use case, and it looks very messy.  For example like my use case below. I feel like 'View profile', 'View Club' 'View Workshop' is necessary to include because of 'common sense' for user to click on certain profile to view it. So do I really need to define such use cases?  Car Club Use Case "
b'19176730'	b'Are there exceptions to the rule that requirements should be atomic?'	b"I'm reviewing a requirements spec where some of the requirements include the word 'and' or sometimes even a list of required functionality.  Am mostly thinking these should be broken up but this does have the downside of making a long document even longer and even less readable - which in practice may mean its intended audience ends up skimming over it or only reading sections rather than absorbing the whole thing.  However, there are some requirements where it seems a bit silly to break them up. E.g: there are a lot of get/set operations, which always go together - it seems a bit overkill to always break them up into 'The user shall be able to get...', 'The user shall be able to set...' Other examples are enable/disable, validation lists, supported platforms/browsers etc.  Just wondering if anyone has had similar thoughts and whether it might sometimes be OK to break the rule of atomicity? "
b'37909513'	b'UML - Use case scenarios &amp; data dictionaries'	b"I am currently working for a company writing use cases.  They have a template which mixes them with data dictionaries.  I've never seen this kind of template. I searched the web looking for answers. I am wondering if this is a correct practice/method. If it is, does this template have an specific name? They are calling it use case template, I do think is wrong to call it that way.  This is an example:  Note: This template has a valid use case written above of it (not shown in here).  Step:  1  Actor: Application  Action:  Display login page  Login page section has the following fields: - Username - Password - Submit button  Here's the description of the fields for this section: - Username - textbox field, required, no default value, allow 10 character maximum - Password - textbox field, required, no default value, allow alphanumeric characters, allow a maximum of 30 characters    Step:  2  Actor: User  Action: User enters username &amp; password User hits submit button   Step:  3  Actor:  Application  Action:  The app allows access to the page. "
b'708939'	b'UI Driven Development'	b'Does the idea of UI Driven Development make sense at all? Most of our clients like to convey their requirements in form of screens. For e.g. I want a screen to do THIS and THAT. Sometimes they even go as far as to dictate the layout of a screen by themselves (this may be because clients of today use software applications for most of their tasks already).  Also this method of requirement gathering seems to convey both the Data and Associated Behavior automatically.  What do you guys think? '
b'39102364'	b'How to properly model system requirements in UML (Sparx Enterprise Architect)'	b"I have a list of system requirements that I have imported from IBM Rational DOORS, and I am curious as to what would be a good way to model their relationships with each other in a diagram. Which Structural diagram should I use, or should it be one of the Behavioral ones?    What I've currently created are links to the requirements in an Object diagram, but I would like to make these Child diagrams that I can link to Class diagrams as well. Does this mean that in order to not create a unique diagram for every class element it's linked to, it should be a composite diagrams the requirements are linked to? "
b'2225360'	b'Requirements management plugin for Trac?'	b"Are there any requirements management plugins out there for Trac? I checked the list on Trac-Hacks and didn't see anything   I'm picturing some functionality like IBM's DOORS system. Basic features include revisioning and change control of requirements, requirements baselining etc.  Update: I suppose I could just use the wiki portion of Trac to document requirements, but this doesn't allow anykind of change sets for the requirements - for example where a single requirement has changed but developers are working against a baseline where the requirement hasn't been updated yet. It also won't allow linking requirements such that when a parent requirement changes, all dependent requirements must be reviewed before the change is accepted (in order to keep dependent requirements in sync). "
b'32445271'	b'Is there a difference between use cases and functional requirements?'	b'I am curious because it seems like everyone has different opinions on the matter. When creating an SRS document, do you need both use cases and functional requirements or just one since use functional requirements expand on use cases? '
b'36655421'	b'Main methods of functional requirements analysis and specification for a software system'	b'I have a problem regarding the following question :     Name three main methods of functional requirements analysis and specification for a software system.     Is the answer    Feasibility Study Requirements Gathering &amp; Analysis Requirements Specification   Please help me and Thank you in advance! '
b'26727682'	b'Formal language for UML sequence diagrams'	b'Is there a formal language which can be used to capture the information present in an UML sequence diagram in to a text format,  which is easy understandable by humans?   In our place, often times software requirements are specified in terms of complex sequence diagrams which are difficult to review, verify for correctness and make changes. Also IMHO, programmers would prefer to implement from an unambiguous text representation of the requirements,  rather than from sprawling multi page diagrams.  '
b'7579244'	b'Agile Requirements Up-front'	b"I understand that it is better to discover requirements through iterative approaches in Agile, however I often hear of people rejecting projects on the basis that they are given up-front requirements.  Why is this the case? Why can't up-front requirements just be taken as-is, e.g. just added to a product backlog and then prioritized and implemented? "
b'35912653'	b'Functional and Non Functional Requirements'	b"I'm new to the site, been on it a few times and it's decent. I have been scratching my head for the past hour or so, I have been tasked to do a website for a swimming club, and I'm currently stuck at the functional and non functional requirements. Would a Facebook feed be considered functional? As well as a Google calendar? They also wanted the website designed around their current logo, I assumed that would be a functional requirement too.  "
b'2710412'	b'Which tool to receive customer requirements'	b'In my company we want to use Scrum lifecycle, we are using Team System 2010. Team System is great to manage projects developpment and Scrum lifecycle.  However we are looking for a solution in order to take care of customers requirements. A tool which give the ability to customer to send us their requests so we can plan it for next sprint.  Should i use TFS Web Access ? but which type of Work Item ? I think TFS in general (not only Web Access) is for developpment team, not for customers ...  Any idea ?  Thanks in advance. '
b'35243252'	b'To be able to derive selected code or design from requirements - what does it mean?'	b'ISO 12207 contains interesting points for design verification:     a) The design is correct and consistent with and traceable to   requirements.      c) Selected design can be derived from requirements.   Also under Core verification, it reads:     c) Selected code can be derived from design or requirements.   What does it mean? What is the difference between those?  '
b'34966401'	b'Software Engineering UML - the use of &quot;include&quot; and &quot;extend&quot;'	b'I am currently modelling a system that I propose to implement  One feature or functionality is for the user to browse for music. But then they could also search for it - so does it mean that the search for use case include from browse music use case?  Thanks '
b'34739126'	b'Requirements gathering and specification writing'	b"The last time I wrote a specification was years ago, using a waterfall method.  I am now about to gather the requirements for my first Laravel project, I am working as a lone developer.  How is everyone else doing this?  I was thinking of getting an overview of the requirements, writing a spec, then communicating with the customer iteratively to refine the document to something I can start working with.  Then I was going to do a prototype and gets some feedback.  Then I would work on 'chunks' of the project and present to the customer for feedback and refining after every stage.  How does that sound? Any recommended reading?  Mick "
b'34367031'	b'Functional and non functional requirements relating to web API'	b"is the development of a RESTful API in JSON that will later be consumed by a web frontend a 'Functional' or 'non functional' requirement? "
b'1691270'	b'How to avoid &quot;bad&quot; requirements'	b"I frequently hear 'X% of software project fail due to bad requirements'.  The X in that statement has ranged from about 70 to 95.  However, I seldom hear how requirements go bad.  In fact, the statement itself suggests there were actually requirements.  What makes a 'bad' requirement?  How can one be avoided? "
b'33030005'	b'Agile: Dealing with new user story and bugs for already implemented feature'	b"In recent several iterations, I always realized we missed out on a detail of user story on some implemented feature after customer started to use APP.  For example :   The original requirement is:  'can add product to mini-cart(...the rules of adding product)'  The original User Story is:  'can add product to mini-cart(...the processing of adding product)'  The actual implemented feature is : 'product can be added to mini-cart as requirements. but it reset all filter criteria and refresh page after add product'   The customer hope it goes like : 'product can be added to mini-cart as requirements. To keep current filter criteria and refresh page after add product'   Those Requirements were collected by us. Those User stories were wrote by our outsourcing team .   Shall i consider this a Bug or a New User Story , or should i simply reopen the old user Story and edit it to account for the new request? What is the 'best-practice', what are pros and cons of each approach?  Thanks a lot!  From my understanding , business requirements are always simplicity,  user stories are always small and abstract.  Some times we can't realized the above issue until developer is starting coding and developer tell us.  it is function process and technical problem ,  it should be submitted to discussed by developer during development phase . so i think it is bug .  "
b'235299'	b'What&#39;s a good process for writing story cards?'	b"We are just going through defining our story cards for the next project.   We have a good idea what the customer want through workshops We have a business requirement document that will be signed off by them.   Our proces of defining storys is as follows   We take a feature the customer wants and write a story We have a brief design discussion amognst the team We then determine an estimation for the card If the card is longer than 3 days we break it down further and we reapeat from step 2   Unfortunately the customer wants an estimate of how long it will take for the entire project so we need to define all the stories up front.  This takes a while and can be quite draining  What other methods can be used to define the story cards? This can take What other ways to you gather requirements onto story cards?  EDIT:   This is not the first time we have done this it is, the normal process The customer is an internal customer I'm interested in how you write the cards that you end up coding against  "
b'23094922'	b'System Requirements Specification: User Requirements?'	b"I am currently writing a SRS for a system and I'm having a hard time trying to figure out where the user requirements fit in. I'll give you my current contents:  Table of Contents Revision History 1. Document Introduction     1.1 Purpose     1.2 Scope     1.3 Word List     1.4 References     1.5 Overview 2. System Description     2.1 Product Description     2.2 Project Stakeholders     2.3 System Characteristics     2.4 Context Diagram         2.4.1 Frontend         2.4.2 Backend         2.4.3 Database           2.4.4 API      2.5 User Requirements // &lt;---- is this the correct place and naming?      2.6 User Assumptions and Dependencies        2.7 User Documentation 3. User Requirements // &lt;---- or is this more appropriate? 4. Functional Requirements     4.1 Frontend         4.1.1 Stop         4.1.2 Quicklist         4.1.3 Journey         4.1.4 Settings         4.1.5 System         4.2.6 JSON     4.2 Backend         4.2.1 JSON         4.2.2 System 5. Other Non-Functional Requirements     5.1 Software Interface     5.2 Performance Requirements     5.3 Security Requirements     5.4 Software Quality Attributes     5.5 Platform Requirements   The user requirements will accomodate things such as (this is just an example):  The user needs the application to be responsive at all times. The user must not be confused as to what is a button and what is not. The user must be able to save personal preferences within area A of the application. The user must be able to use the application offline. The user must be able to retain their personal preferences if they log in on any device.   If that is not the correct place to put them then where should I put them, also if there is anything else that looks wrong with the SRS just say, I'm always looking to improve my skills! "
b'33762200'	b'What is the best role grouping for my project?'	b"I am at the beginning of my website project and now for requirements step I want to grouping the roles of website users,there is three roles for the users:   Users who visit the website an use it's free services. Users who have an account and uses it's more free services. Users who have an account and monthly pay for using paid services. Admin user of the website.    What is the best roles for these users? "
b'31571687'	b'Is the requirement to access all functionality over a website functional or non functional?'	b"The title pretty much sums up my question. Is the requirement for a website functional or non functional?  For me the what needs to be implemented is a functional requirement. The non functional requirements describe the way how to implements this functionality.  That's why I tend to mark it as a non functional requirement.  Thanks in advance. "
b'31671321'	b'What is the criteria to differentiate &#39;feature&#39; and &#39;requirement&#39; in software engineering?'	b"I am now using a tool named Jama(It is not a java-based mathematical package. It has the same name, but totally different from that one.), which is used to manage configuration of features and requirements. There is a function to define and make relationships between each feature and requirement, But I can't use it well because I cannot understand these concepts.  I googled for a while and found this. From this page.  enter link description here     A requirement is something the product must do or a quality it must have.   And also found this sentence too.     A feature is a set of related requirements that allows the user to satisfy a business objective or need.   My questions are these.   Is the relationship between features and requirements is 1:N? Or can one requirement have relationship with 2 or more features? Is feature only a set of requirements &amp; relationships? Is there any difference of the level of abstraction?  "
b'30430484'	b'Going from requirements to use cases and how to know if my document is good enough'	b"I'm here again asking about software documentation. I read a lot about it but it is a bit harder to put in practice, first because of the lack of examples and second because most small companies just don't care at all.  So I have a set of requirements for functionalities for a iteration of a software that I and a friend is doing. see bellow:   The system shall enable users to login through a UI* where he enters a username* and password*. The system shall display an error message on a particular area of \xe2\x80\x8b\xe2\x80\x8bthe UI* If the user* enters a combination of wrong username and password. The system shall redirect the user to a welcome UI* after successfully logged in. The system shall allow each user to have an access level, forming a hierarchy where only users of higher levels can perform an action* on users* from lower levels. The system shall associate users* that have special permissions* for a custom group*. The system shall associate each user* with a group*. The system shall retain the permissions* per user if the user belongs to the custom group*. Otherwise the permissions* should be inherited from the group. The system shall enable password reset only generating an automatic password and sending to the user's* email. The system must store the following user information, login, group, password, name, email, mobile phone. The system should allow users to change their information. The system should enable administration of permissions* actions*, groups* and users* through a UI* where user's can add, delete, create and edit entries (eg. Add groups, delete users).   So should I challenge these requirements more? How can I test/challenge it effectively?  After that, how can I go from this set of requirements to use cases (assuming they are good enough) to Use case.   I know I need to start finding the actors. But the only actor I see is the 'user' and he will performing CRUD operations on users, actions, groups and permissions. But how should I detail these use cases, 'Manage users' for example? Or should I go for a deeper detail level? Like 'add user' 'create group', etc.  glossary *user: is the person who will use the system to manage it based on his privileges. *UI: user interface. *username: a set of characters with max length of 50 with alpha numeric chars. *password: a set of characters with max length of 50 with alpha numeric chars, must be encrypted. *group: a list of named groups that each user must be associated with. *actions: a list of actions a user can do on the system that must be associated with permissions. *permission: a list associating users and groups to a specific action.   Thank you guys. "
b'1771983'	b'In agile/scrum user stories, how much detail is enough?'	b"Enough detail is enough is the usual response.  On the project we are currently busy with (which was incomplete and handed over to us without any brs/documentation/user stories of any sort, we get stories like:     As a Product Owner I need the   developer to test the XXX workflow so   that it works correctly.   and      As a Product Owner I need the   developer to test the YYY workflow so   that it works correctly.   No indication is given of what 'correctly' means.  When asking for more detail, one is informed that you are asking for too much detail and since this is agile, the requirement will become clearer later during the sprint (2 week sprint) and you should not worry about the detail just then, but rather to just give the story a weight in 'doll hairs' and stop being difficult.  Be a big picture guy.  Don't worry about the detail.  Is this what agile is supposed to be like? "
b'29098145'	b'What&#39;s the typical part to be added to the User Requirements Document?'	b"I am writing a user requirements document for a standalone application. The application is supposed to help to look for files on archives. I have the following structure of the document :    Introduction Functional needs  .  Functionals of the system  UI  Non functional needs   is it sufficient ? Do you know other parts that I can add ? Do I write 'Project management timing' ? "
b'29030631'	b'Do I put the following parts in &quot;non functional needs&quot;?'	b'I am writing a user requirements document for an application.  I distinguished two chapters: one for functional needs and another for non functional needs.  In the functional needs, I enumerated a list of functional spec.  Actually, I am confronted to the following situation : I have to talk about :   User interface  Performance   security   Data format   Do I put those parts in Non functional needs ?  '
b'28871541'	b'AGILE user stories for requirements gathering?'	b"Would like to ask on how would you write user stories where your initial set of tasks is to analyze or gather requirements.  A little background, let's say a client has a legacy application where they would like to have it converted to an online app. The legacy app uses solely excel sheets + macros. Now, when writing user stories, how would your write the following?   Gathering of existing sample data, based on this, the existing physical excel files with correspoding documentation Analysis of the excel files and documentation to derive business rules and logic (what are the possible values of this excel field? etc, etc)  analysis regarding relationship of data, normzalition forms, etc    Can I do something like - As a business analyst, i would like to yaddi-yadda?  it doesnt sound right...  Can you guys help me by stating a few examples of agile user stories for requirements gathering? Thank you. "
b'28530127'	b'Can a single use case be partially implemented, or implemented over several phases? How to track &amp; prioritize components?'	b"My requirements experience has been primarily with user stories, not use cases. I've been recently added to a project as a product owner, and the customer is ~80% done with the use cases. Many of the use cases include what would be over a dozen user stories, and the team is discussing how to implement some of the use cases over multiple phases, or how to partially implement to meet schedule. This wouldn't be a problem with stories, but I'm not sure the best way to approach with use cases.  Can a use case ever be partially implemented? Or would that mean that it should be decomposed into smaller use cases with extends/includes? If it can be partially implemented, how do you track individual features so high-priority items do not get lost?  For example, if I have a single use case for a spell checker with the following:   Identifying potentially mis-spelt words Visually identifying misspelt words as the user types Autocorrecting commonly misspelt words as the user types Providing user with a list of suggested spellings for individual words Providing the user the ability to mass-correct misspellings Allowing the user to ignore potential misspellings once Allowing the user to add words to the dictionary   How would I go about prioritizing the individual features and then tracking implementation of features 1 and 4 in one phase, 2, 3, 6 in second, 5 in a third, and not implementing 7? In this example, should these be separate use cases, or one with multiple alternative flows? "
b'18850892'	b'Is there such a thing as a &quot;Non-Functional Use Case&quot;?'	b"I'm reading a System Requirements Document that was produced using Sparx Enterprise Architect. All requirements are mapped to particular Use Cases.  A few of the non-functional requirements for 'high availability' are mapped to a Use Case called 'Provide High Availability', marked as &lt;&lt;non-functional&gt;&gt;. Am fairly new to all this and struggling to decide if it makes sense for a Use Case be non-functional - hence the question.  If the answer is yes then great - but if not, I'd be interested to know people's opinions on how such requirements should map to Use Cases (if at all). "
b'2955610'	b'Are UI choices functional or non-functional requirements?'	b"Today we had a discussion at the office about UI elements in the required document.  The question is whether a UI requirement is functional or non-functional.   'the background must be blue'   Is this a functional or non-functional requirement? "
b'3492948'	b'What are functional and non functional parts of an application?'	b'I was asked this question in an interview.  What are functional and non functional parts of an application ? '
b'4425121'	b'Would this be correct functional and non-functional requirements?'	b'Hi im insure about functional and non functional requirements, are these correct ?   FUNCTIONAL:  Player Creates account.  Player Chooses Region.  Player Chooses Player type.  Player TypeA/Player Typeb Views Game statistics.  Player TypeA Views opponent List.  Player TypeA/Player Typeb Selects Target/Assassin From Job List.  Player TypeA/Player Typeb Views opponent Map.  Player TypeA views weapons.  Player TypeA equips weapon .  Player TypeA Shoots weapon; compute hit probability.  Combat opponents player is hit; opponent eliminated Player TypeA receives points.  Player TypeA/Player Typeb sends message.  Player Typeb views target history.  This program requires a gps connection is this a functional requirement ?  Non-Functional:  ?????  Thanks in advance '
b'4447659'	b'Are these non-functional requirements correct?'	b'Non-functional Requirements:   User has access to the internet User has GPS Create account information has valid characters. Communication: Create account: user receives UserID in return from server Communication: Application receives GPS information from server Communication: Application sends GPS information to server Communication: Server updates requested by user user score Communication: Server returns available jobs requested by user System shows available weapons User eliminates target within time-lock System communicates player to player messages   '
b'15781018'	b'Non-functional requirement reliability measurement?'	b"What is the measurement of the application's reliability as a non-functional requirement?  "
b'27616525'	b'Are these requirements correct (variable relations)'	b'There is this example in a book, reading:     The   system shall allow posting of envelopes where the longest side (l) is   longer than or equal to 12 centimeters, but not longer than 75   centimeters. The smallest side (w) must be longer than or equal to 1   centimeter. The length must be twice the width and must be greater   than or equal to 10 centimeters. Measures are always rounded up to the   nearest centimeter. We can rewrite this requirement to read:    length >= 12 length &lt; 75 width >= 1 length \xe2\x80\x93 2 x width >= 10   I do not understand how the last requirement (...l>=10) can coexist with the first requirement (l>=12)  Am I missing something here? '
b'2514881'	b'Establishing project requirements - anyone had any eureka moments?'	b"I repeatedly find that establishing user requirements is one of the hardest parts of my job. This is for several reasons, for example, lack of shared technical vocabulary, incomplete understanding of domain on my part, inability of user to 'imagine' completed UI / product, etc etc.  Since this appears to be an ongoing challenge for me, has anyone here had a 'eureka' moment that has really helped them with this part of developing? For example, I have heard of the book 'Domain Driven Design', but not read it yet. Has anyone found a book, online resource of piece of advice that has really turned things around for them? "
b'1061784'	b'How can I learn about writing project specs?'	b"I recently read through Code Complete, and it recommends that I create a project specification before actually coding.  The book didn't go very far into detail about what 'specs' are, and how they are made. Because this is a crucial part of software development, I would like to know how to create quality specs that are not too exhaustive.  Where can I learn more about software specifications? Or any of the other prerequisites outlined in Code Complete? "
b'2719451'	b'Software Requirement Specifications for Web Applications'	b"I'm looking for some guidance/books to read when it comes to creating a software requirement specification for a web application. For inspiration I have read some spec documents for desktop based applications. The documents I have read capture a systems functional requirements in use cases which tend to be rather data oriented with use cases centered around the various CRUD operations the application is intended to perform.  I like this structure however I'm finding it rather difficult to marry it to what my web application needs to do, mostly reading data as opposed to manipulating it. I've had a go at writing some use cases however they all tend to boil down to 'Search for item', 'Change view of search results' or 'User selects facet to refine search results'. This doesn't sound quite right to me and makes me wonder if I'm going about this the right way.  Are there planning differences between web based and desktop based applications?  "
b'378856'	b'User stories vs use cases'	b'Are use cases just multiple user stories??  What are the benefits of using user stories over use cases.. and vice-versa... When to use one over other...  Does all agile methodologies uses user stories?? '
b'7433499'	b'Definitions for CMMI Requirement Types in TFS2010'	b"I've recently been informed that I need to define the requirements for the project I'm working on using TFS and CMMI. Upon writing a new requirement, you must supply a 'Requirement Type'. My question is, where can I find actual definitions of the different requirement types? Yes, of course I have googled this already and have found some glossaries that are closely aligned, but not perfect.  If any of you out there have experience with CMMI, and can define these types or point to a better source of information, I would be greatly thankful.  To make this easier, the CMMI requirement types are listed (in TFS) as:   Business Objective Feature Functional Interface Operational Quality of Service Safety Scenario Security  "
b'24307347'	b'Software requirements analysis - Correctness of requirements'	b"I'm just reading a book about Software Engeneering Design (book on amazon). I can not understand an example of correct and incorrect requirement, described in the book.  The book says:   the incorrect requirement is:     The software shall require users to log on using a unique combination of user ID and password.  the correct requirement is:     The software shall require users to log on using a user ID and password. The software shall require users to log on using a valid\x0be-mail address.    To illustrate the problem of requirements correctness, the book presents the example:     Example is based on requirements for a computer security system for which it requires users to log on using a unique combination of user ID and password.      In this case, when users attempt to log on using already existing user name or password, the system is required to reject the attempt, therefore giving insight into someone else's logon information.   How it is possible to give insight into user's logon information? What information can be obtained from the rejection of log on?  "
b'4028786'	b'MSF Agile: Risk vs Story Points?'	b"I'm working through the creation of an initial set of user stories for a new project, and I'm using MSF Agile for the first time. I've got about 100 user stories, and I've assigned them all to areas and iterations, but the next step for me is assigning all of their Risk, Story Points, and Stack Rank values. However, I find that I'm assigning nearly mirror opposite values for risk and story points, i.e. all me 1-High risk stories are 3 story points, and all my 3-Low risk stories are 1 story points.   The MSDN documentation defines these fields as such:  'Story Points: A subjective unit of measure that captures the size of a user story. If you assign more points to a user story, you indicate that more work is required to implement it.'  'Risk: A subjective rating of the relative uncertainty around the successful completion of the user story. You can specify the following values: 1 - High, 2 - Medium, 3 - Low'  I find that these go hand in hard for pretty much every situation I've come across. In your experience, what are some examples of high risk stories worth only few story points, or low risk stories worth many points?   I need help in reasoning about these differently. How should I be thinking about these? "
b'23971599'	b'What is wrong with this usecase diagram with respect to includes and extends'	b'    Are the included and extending use cases make sense? '
b'23805681'	b'UML use case diagram server as system actor and which kind of use cases'	b"I\xc2\xb4m creating an use case diagram based on the following scenario:  There is a mobile application which passes data to an webserver/database. The webserver on the other hand sends data to the mobile application.   So i have two questions:   Data send to the application is individual data only for this smartphone/user. So does it make sense to show server/database as an external system actor which gets connected with the specific use cases? Are use cases (for the mobile app) like 'showing information about something' oder 'refresh data' necessary? Because i think they are not necessary for the business logic. What do you think?   Thanks for ideas! "
b'3498070'	b'Changing project requirements - should client pay'	b"Not sure where to put this but a site filled with working programmers is a good bet.  I built a website for a client, that included (on the home page) a fancy jQuery image slider with controls. This was specified in the original project scope. I also implemented a simple jQuery slider on one of the inner pages.  Now that the site is up for final review, the client reviewed the site and wants a few edits here and there, one being the removal of the fancy jQuery I spent hours working on and modifying and replaced with the simpler slider on the inner pages.  My question:  Should the client still pay for home jQuery slider I worked on and charged to implement the other jQuery slider on the home page?  I charge per feature/functionality when building a site. Therefore, if I just remove the slider, I'll lose money and time. I'm thinking they should pay for it since it was specified in the original scope...not my fault...  Second question, how should I present them with the charge, if I am charging them for it? "
b'23052528'	b'How to know if authentication is really a requirement'	b"We have a small webapplication where users can mark spots on a map. We don't authenticate users, because we don't need to. Marked Spots aren't secret at all, everybody should see them and things should be very open and transparent to everybody. Because there is nothing to authorize we also don't need to authenticate. Nevertheless we keep something like a user profile in a cookie. A user can store default values for some fields in this 'wallet' cookie so that he only need to type it once.   That's our little anarchy app ;) ...but as said: It's simple and it's fast and the users like that.   But:   Basically there IS a need of some security, just to make sure the system isn't filled with nonsense from people who aren't interested in the intention of the app. So from my point of view that is a nonfunctional requirement (my point of view as an system architect) Also the (group of) users say that they want 'a login' for some reason, but actually they can't tell why   What I am trying to do now is to find out what they really want. I assume their requirement isn't 'authentication' but something they think that a login is needed for. So for our next couple of sprints I am trying to formulate some user stories to cover this requirements and to ask the users for their goals and benefits.  My question now is: Does it make sense to write a user story like this?     As users of system XY, we want user authentication by login, so that we can be sure that only serious input is generated.   In other words: How would you point out the need for authentication and how it should be done (to keep things simple and not to provide an obstacle for users)? Can 'authentication' be a goal in a requirement?  Some more considerations on this issue:   Users don't want to type passwords. They want some kind of SSO Some users told, that they want everybody to mark spots, but they don't want everybody to see them (so everyone is allowed to write, only some are allowed to read). That's a totally new goal in our app, but I still don't get the benefit yet. that also implies, that there are privileged users, and that there is a need for user management, administration UIs and groups and so on...  "
b'3977554'	b'What is the difference between &quot;bug in requirements&quot; and &quot;change request&quot;'	b"Recently I've been assigned a bug to fix, which from my point of view, was actually a change request. After some investigation it turned out that this bug was caused by a defect in business requirements, but it was still considered as a bug.  I often see change requests being pushed forward masqueraded as bugs. I am just trying to figure out if there are any differences. "
b'21906739'	b'SRS document relation to contract signing in software development ( b2b )'	b'I was always wondering whats the relation of the SRS document with the official contract signed between two companies ( one supplies a software project the other is the customer ).  Does the SRS document have to be written before the initial contract signing or after ? And does it stand as an official document that two partners in a b2b relation can use as a contract ? '
b'463512'	b'How to tell a project manager &quot;NO&quot; to scope creep'	b"While project managers may each have their own personality and management style, it seems that many of them have a pernicious love of sneaking in 'scope creep' when they can (whether anyone is watching or not).  While they usually mean well (bless their hearts), what's the best way that you've found to say 'NO' to project managers? "
b'9477750'	b'Requirements to Specification Mapping Tools'	b"Our team captures user stories in TFS. I use the great tool TeamSpec to dump these into a word document for good 'ol fashioned easy reading.  Now, we are at the point where we need to produce a functional specification that describes the software that will be built to support those user stories.  Again, I'd probably like this functional spec in word ultimately - as this has to be a readable document that the customer can read and sign off on.  That said, I would really love to have a tool that helps me map user stories to functional requirements, possibly even generating the matrix (in both directions) for easy reference.  What tools are there that might help me? Googling is no help at all. :)  Thanks in advance! "
b'20543686'	b'Functional and Non-Functional Requirements For Train Tracking Project'	b"I am currently developing a project document for my assignment. The title of my project is 'Systematic Train Tracker'.  Let me describe about my system:  The GPS receiver on the train will get the trains information and pass it to the control server using GSM Network. Then the control server will transmit the information to the train administrative office for monitoring purpose. Then the information will also passed to particular stations to display it to passengers.  So what will be the functional and non-functional requirements for my project? And what are the possible constraints will be??  Please help.  "
b'17852409'	b'Requirements Catalogue &amp; UML Models'	b"Looking for a bit of a steer on 'how things are done' with regards to defining requirements for a software based project.  I'm fully up to speed with what goes into a requirements catalogue and how useful UML modelling can be.  My question, how are the two linked? Should you write out requirements into the catalogue for any requirements you model using UML - essentially duplicating requirements?  For example,   - A user wishes to source a 'product' from a supplier  - To do this they will enter their product details into a 'breifing' form  - In this scenario I'd look to use a class diagram to list out all the 'briefing' fields (shown on the briefing form) against a 'product' class  But, how do I tie those requirements back to the requirements catalogue? If they're not referenced there how will a developer know those requirements exist?   Any help greatly appreciated!  Thanks, Dan  "
b'20258748'	b'difference between requirements documents specification document and requirement specification document'	b"A google search gave me the following definitions  Requirements document what is needed - they shouldn't specify the how, but the what.  Specifications document how to achieve the requirements - they should specify the how.  then what is requirement specification document...  can you please clarify me with examples I didnt have any experiennce with this, I started to gain knowledge in testing,  And also what documents are needed to start writing testcases....  Thank you "
b'19814834'	b'Business Requirement -&gt; Architecture Diagram, High level and Low Level'	b'I often get Business Requirement as input. and my management expect to get High Level Architecture Diagram out of it. Low Level Design Document.   In order to learn technique for this, should i know only UML ? any good book on this , which will help me to improve skills / build skills. '
b'20059442'	b'What does this use case mean'	b'So i am creating a use case specification, I am just a bit confused, There is a vending machine which allows the actor to choose from two different payment methods, so actor can pay by card or pay by coin, is the following specification correct for this scenario?  1. Include [Payment Acceptance Use Case ID]   1.1 Actor Select Card to Pay with    1.1.1 Include [Pay By Card Use Case ID]   1.1.2 Actor enters card   1.1.3 System validates card   1.1.4 Drink is dispensed    1.2 Actor Selects Coins to pay with   1.2.1 Include [Pay By Coins Use Case ID]   1.2.2 Actor enters coins   1.2.3 Drink is dispensed    Does this use case specification justify the scenario that Actor has the choice to choose to pay with either card or coins is the use case specification saying that the Actor must pay by card first then pay by coins? '
b'5469290'	b'SRS for Non-Object Oriented Projects?'	b'What diagrams must contain in the SRS of NON-OO Project?  Can use case diagram, activity diagrams include in NON-OO SRS? '
b'15626330'	b'Can I mix use case and deployment UML diagrams?'	b'I am new to the world of UML and have so far learnt the basics of use case, activity and deployment UML diagrams. I have a requirement of where users interact with a system e.g. user sending an email, which is then processed by a system and then sent to an agent (person) who then responds and interacts once again with a system.   I am having a hard time picturing these requirements and whether it should be a combination of use case, activity or deployment. Can I intermingle them? What is standard practice? '
b'19338788'	b'Do BDD/ATDD stories replace the need for traditional requirements?'	b'From what I can tell from online forums and posts, one of the main focuses of BDD/ATDD seems to be on discussion and ensuring that the customer, developers, testers and other relevant parties are involved in the understanding what the system must do.   Question 1: Do BDD/ATDD stories replace the need for traditional requirement specifications, such as the those captured using the Volere Template?  Because the traditional requirement specifications are one of the key inputs for developers and testers, traditional requirement specifications tend to be comprehensive.  Question 2: Should BDD/ATDD stories also be comprehensive enough to allow a system to be fully tested? '
b'17244903'	b'Different types of software requirements specification standards'	b'So I am doing this research for a course project and I am told to find different types of standards of SRS documents in software development. Now I know one of them is IEEE standard that is used universally but are there more? I searched but I all I found was different variations of the IEEE standard but not a different standard all together.   Does anyone know about these other standards? Any help would be appreciated.   Thanks! '
b'13310268'	b'Are there Agile software design methodologies?'	b"I've been reading about Agile and it seems to be about making it easier to respond to changing requirements, evolutionary software design, getting working software over building a foundation, being able to deliver at any time, constant refactoring, etc. but I haven't really found anything pertaining to how to actually take requirements and translate them into software designs in a way that would help facilitate the mentioned 'goals' of Agile development besides following SOLID, use design patterns, and other guidelines.   Are there any methodologies out there that would help take me from requirements to software with Agile goals in mind? "
b'11687326'	b'Functional Software Requirement Specification and Project Timeline'	b"I don't have any experience in writing Requirement specification.   I am writing a new in house web application in .Net and i have been given a document with all the requirments for this new software.  There is a (in house written) time tracking system in use at the moment but i have been asked to redesign it in .Net.  I am the only one in the company with software development experience and as this is internal software so they are not expecting me to write very detail documentation for that.  I have designed the ERD diagram for the database schema, I have also divided the requirements into different sections in the excel sheet and set there priority (L,M,H) and  Phases (1,2,3) for delivery.  My line manager has asked me to define the timeline for this project which is bit difficult as I will be working only 3 days a week on this project and don\xe2\x80\x99t know how long it will take to complete the phase 1 as there are few other projects I am working on.     Do I really need to a Requirement Specification document because I have been given one in the word documents (in simple words) or Should I just stick with the one I have designed (divided in different sections). If I do need one then is there any example I can follow?      Do i also need a Function specification document? Is it different than Requirement Specification?       How do you normally set the timeline for the project? I have just defined the different tasks from database development to software development including and set the roughly days next to them.  "
b'17859922'	b'How to write SRS for a particular task/enhancement in an application'	b'I need to prepare a Software Requirements Specification Document for a small enhancement within an  JAVA application.  I have tried goggling for the same but found the samples for whole application whereas I am preparing SRS for a small enhancement within an application.  Can anybody suggest the links or suggestions for preparing the SRS.   '
b'12768373'	b'Link between use case and functional requirement'	b'I have a list of functional requirements   FR nr 1 FR nr 2 ...   And have a list of use cases that describe the requirement from the actors point of view. I mean use case nr 1 describe FR nr 1 and so on.. But do I need to create a link in the use case to the FR? Problem is that FR and use cases are located in different pages in Wiki. '
b'17219289'	b'How to dissect business requirements from software requirements in a requirements statement?'	b'I am trying to make a Business Requirements Document and a separate Software Requirements Specifications document. From the following requirements statement, can anyone help me dissect business requirements from software requirements?  Design a system that will maintain positions in real time based on a feed of transactions \xe2\x80\x93 buys and sells \xe2\x80\x93 that come to the application via MQ.  You should include initial positions loads, fault tolerance and error checking and handling for the process.   Thanks '
b'17002422'	b'Different meaning of stakeholders in Scrum. Is a dev team a stakeholder?'	b'Generally, I have learned that stakeholders (in general) are parties interested in the project - development team, testing team, QA team, management, customer (of course) etc. But now in Scrum, it says that the stakeholders are the ones who validate the product and the product is done for them, based on their needs. That would imply it means just the customer. Is it right or I misunderstood, is a development team really a stakeholder?  http://www.scrumalliance.org/articles/21-contracts-for-implementing-scrum     Stakeholders are parties with an interest in the product being   developed and/or the Scrum process. They might include suppliers,   customers, the business owner, subject matter experts, or product   support.   http://thescrumblog.blogspot.cz/2011/04/stakeholders-and-feedback-in-scrum.html  The Scrum Team: A lot of people forget that the Scrum team is a major stakeholder for the project  '
b'109141'	b'How do you manage a large product backlog?'	b"We have a large backlog of things we should do in our software, in a lot of different categories, for example:   New problem areas for our products to solve  New functionality supporting existing problem areas New functionality requested by our existing users Usability and 'look' enhancements Architectural upgrades to the back-end Bug fixes   Managing all of these in a sensible fashion is a job that falls to Product Management, but it is tricky for a lot of reasons.  Firstly, we have a number of different systems that hold the different things (market requirements document in files, bugs in a bug database, customer requirements in our help desk system, enginering's wish-list on our intranet, etc).  And secondly, many of the items are of wildly different size, scope, complexity and of course value, which means that choosing isn't as simple as just ordering a list by priority.    Because we now are fairly large, have a complex product and lots of customers, the basic solutions (a spreadsheet, a google doc, a basecamp to-do list) just isn't sufficient to deal with this.  We need a way to group things together in various ways, prioritise them on an ongoing basis, make it clear what we're doing and what is coming - without it requiring all of someone's time to just manage some tool.  How do you manage this in a way that allows the business to always do what is most valuable to existing customers, helps get new ones, and keeps the software innards sane?  Note that this is different from the development-side, which I think we have down pretty well.  We develop everything in an iterative, agile fashion, and once something has been chosen for design and implementation, we can do that.  It's the part where we need to figure out what to do next that's hardest!  Have you found a method or a tool that works?  If so, please share!  (And if you would like to know the answer too, rate up the question so it stays visible :)  Addendum: Of course it's nice to fix all the bugs first, but in a real system that actually is installed on customers' machines, that is not always practical.  For example, we may have a bug that only occurs very rarely and that it would take a huge amount of time and architectural upheaval to fix - we might leave that for a while.  Or we might have a bug where someone thinks something is hard to use, and we think fixing it should wait for a bigger revamp of that area.  So, there are lots of reasons why we don't just fix them all straight away, but keep them open so we don't forget.  Besides, it is the prioritization of the non-bugs that is the hardest; just imagine we don't have any :) "
b'756850'	b'Security Requirements for Medical Applications'	b"I'm doing research on coding requirements for medical applications but I can't find anything useful/structured. Basically I'm looking for structured (if possible XML file) document with the list of security requirement. For example what kind of encryption they should use, what features of the app should be disabled by the default, what log info should be stored and how to store it, etc.  Of course requirements can be different for different apps and companies, i just need some general information and if possible for the US. "
b'16758540'	b'how to write usecase specifcation?'	b"when usecase performed with 2 actors,for example usecase 'managment Request' ,that run with Admin and user,and actors do diffrent jobs,for example,in this usecase,admin can 'edit Request' and user could not 'edit reguest'. how to write usecase specification in this usecase? in fact,could I given 'edit Request' for alternative flow?  "
b'16188485'	b'Requirements for a personal project'	b"Gathering requirements is an essential stage creating software or web applications.  I have searched the web extensively without finding any directions on how to elicit requirements for personal projects. All information i found - including books i read - is focussing on different stakeholders.   So i\xc2\xb4m wondering, what would be the best way to 'gather' the requirements for personal projects?  I can't imagine i'm the only one with this question. I have plenty of ideas for webapplications. Since i am the only stakeholder at this time - no users are identified yet, i need to develop a couple of applications for personal use - i find it hard to interview my self to elicit those requirements.  As English is not my native language, apologies for possible textual errors. "
b'15409974'	b'Requirements that base on alrady existing requirements'	b"Let's assume that there is a working system with planty of functions and the system is now going to be adjust for another country. Some functions stay as they are, some are going to be adjust and some are going to be define from scratch.  In which form would you write requirements in this situation? Should the new specification mentione about already existing functions? Should every function be described new? If there is a big use case which needs a small change for the new country should it be describe complet or just the diff? What about the context for such small change so that developers understand what it is about? "
b'1125446'	b'How do you verify that users&#39; requirements are addressed in the code you&#39;re working on?'	b"Code can be perfect, and also perfectly useless at the same time. Getting requirements right is as important as making sure that requirements are implemented correctly.   How do you verify that users' requirements are addressed in the code you're working on? "
b'3571535'	b'Good interview questions for designers/requirement-writers'	b"I'm trying to come up with a quick question or exercise to evaluate interviewees' design and communication skills for a requirements-writing position.  I've considered asking for a quick recipe (like for a grilled cheese sandwich), but that doesn't quite feel right. (recipes describe how to make something; requirements describe the resulting object itself).  I'm interested both in suggestions, and examples of good (or bad) questions you've been asked. "
b'225154'	b'Good pointers that a software requirement is in fact political?'	b'Probably an easy one:  Are there any rules of thumb or pointers that could help recognise political requirements?  Let\xe2\x80\x99s say one of stakeholders (your boss, a head of another department or an actual user) asks for a feature or particular characteristic of software being developed by yourself or your team. Is there a litmus test to determine whether requirement is political?  This question is really simple and is not about how to deal with political requirements or whether they are bad or good for software. How do you tell that whatever you have been asked to do is to pursue someone\xe2\x80\x99s tacit or actually openly stated political agenda? '
b'14931780'	b'More productive Grooming Sessions'	b"I'm looking for a way to make our Scrum Grooming Sessions more productive. At the moment, it feels like it's taking us a long time to create user stories and acceptance criteria. For a one hour session, we typically end up with 2 - 4 user stories including acceptance criteria. The process to get there feels painful, taking a long time.  Participants include members from Dev + Architecture, QA, BA, Customer, Product Owner (me), Usability.  The problem I see is that we have good discussions, but then the process of wording the stories - and even more so the Acceptance Criteria - takes an awfully long time.  Since we are a distributed team, we have to do this over the phone, screen sharing and a collaborative editing environment. This certainly has an impact on the productivity, since we're not in the same room, but I still feel that our process could be improved.  Some questions:   How many stories do you typically end up with after a Grooming Session? Do you create the Acceptance Criteria as part of the Grooming Session, or outside? How do you create User Stories and what process works for you?  "
b'147182'	b'Low Friction Minimal Requirements Gathering'	b"How can our team gather requirements from our 'Product Owner' in as low friction yet useable of a way as possible?  Now here's the guidelines- No posts that it can't be done or that the business needs to make a decision that it cares about quality, yada yada. The product I work for is a small group that has been successful for years. I just want to help them step it up a notch.  Basically, I'm on a 6 or 7 person team with one Product Owner. She does a great job but is juggling a few different roles (as I believe is common on extremely small teams). Usually requirements are given at sporadic times (email convos, face to face discussions, meetings, etc). They are never entered into a system and sometimes this results in features missing a release or the release getting pushed back since everyone forgot about the necessary feature.  If you're in a similar situation but you found a way to overcome this, I'd love to hear it. I'm happy to write code to help ease this situation but it can't be a web site that the Product Owner has to go to in order to get anything done. She is extremely busy and we need some way of working together as a team in order to gather these requirements.  I'm currently thinking of something like this: Developers and team members gather requirements discussed in face to face meetings and write some quick notes on the features discussed on a wiki page. Product owner is notified whenever these pages are updated and it then becomes her responsibility to ensure accuracy.  Pros: We'll have some record of the features. Cons: The developers are taking responsibility for something that they ordinarily wouldn't. I'm okay with that here. I think in this situation it's teamwork.  Of course once we do this, then we're going to see that the product owner probably doesn't have enough time to ensure feature accuracy. Ultimately she is overburdened and I think this will help showcase that fact, but I just need to be able to draw attention to that first.  So any suggestions?  P.S. her time is extremely limited so it is considered unreasonable to expect her to need to type in the requirements after discussion. She only has time to discuss them once and move on. "
b'6165775'	b'How to write technical requirements'	b"What is the right way to write technical requirements for the UI component in an application? I guess it's not clear to me whether the technical requirement should dictate how the UI should be implemented or it should be as general as possible and describe what are required to satisfy the functional requirements and forget about the implementation details.   Here are my specific questions:   Should it state what technology the UI will be implemented in? (eg, ActiveX, WPF, HTML).  Should I describe the layout, the colors? (given that that can change) Is it necessary to describe how the data is presented? (eg, does it need to say 'data is displayed in a table or list format' or 'a scrollbar shall appear is data cannot be fit on the screen'?) Do I need to describe how the UI should react to user input if that is a functional requirement? (eg, the functional requirement says 'it shall be clear to the user which action is current active'... should the technical requirement say 'the button shall change color to Red when user selects option a.. Blue when user selects option b.. etc') Is it necessary to state things that are common sense about the UI? For example,'it shall be position in such a way the entire content is visible'? or 'it shall have shadow so that it stands out from the rest of the screen'? (note: these are not functional requirements but they apply to any UI in general)  "
b'14166717'	b'What is the difference between &quot;system/subsystem&quot; and &quot;software&quot; in a SSS vs SRS?'	b"What is the difference between a System/Subsystem Specification (SSS) and a Software Requirements Specification (SRS)? I am struggling to find a precise definition between System/Subsystem and Software. I know that the SRS is more detailed than the SSS in that it includes mentions of interface of how it interacts with other software and hardware. However,I still can't make the connection of how the SRS relates back to the SSS.   Any advice would be much appreciated. Thanks! "
b'14043323'	b'SRS: Can these to be included?'	b"Think we are creating the 'Glossary' of an SRS in tabular format. It has 'Terms' and 'Definition' as columns.  I know the glossary of SRS includes 'Terms' such as QA, HTML, KPI etc, and their meaning under 'Definition' column. It seems like it is a place where we describe 'Initials'. However, can I add the following under the 'Terms' and describe them? (This is a SRS used for a Fire and Security alarming system, one of our final year projects)  zones central manned control area sprinkler   Please help "
b'13494429'	b'What is the difference between &quot;initial scope&quot; and &quot;requirements&quot;?'	b"Thanks for taking the time to read this in advance.  I am writing an intermediate submission report for a project that I am re-engineering and my tutor wants a page summary, list of requirements (with justifications), an initial scope and a suggested architecture.  The main report will include analysis, design and implementation.  I've written everything apart from the initial scope. I'm really worried I'm going to repeat myself and I am unsure as to what the difference between my requirements and initial scope should be?  Here is an example of a requirement:     The first option on the main menu will be \xe2\x80\x9cNew Game\xe2\x80\x9d      Current system: A user is automatically taken to a new game but they are restricted to     completing this game, before they can start a new one.      New system: The option to start a new game will give users more flexibility if they do     not wish to complete the current one. The default level for games will be \xe2\x80\x9clow\xe2\x80\x9d to begin with, unless this is changed by the user.  "
b'12910189'	b'An example of requirements not reflecting user needs'	b'I have read that software can pass the verification stage (all requirements are fullfiled) but fail at validation - requirements do not reflect what user wants.  I cannot think of an example where requirements actually miss the real used needs. (how would such requirements pass the requirement analysis validation?). I would be grateful for an example, thanks. '
b'11409654'	b'moscow with user-stories'	b'I have adopted the user-story template introduced in response to a question here on SO, i.e.  AS A [person/role] I NEED TO [do something]  SO THAT [provides business value].   I have two questions:   How should I incorporate MOSCOW into user stories, which part of the template can / should change? I am re-writing requirements and often deal with statements about content being available on a website. I am unsure whether I should write the user-story from the perspective of a website user reading the content, or ad administrator making the content available. Can anyone clarify the best approach to take?  '
b'11718986'	b'Connection between requirements and code in code'	b"I am looking for simple way to connect information about requirement/release and source code. The case is that developer should be able to find any artifacts created given release or CR in easy way. The idea I have is to introduce some new annotation to mark any new class ( I am not sure if it is good for any new method) for example:  @ArtifactInfo(release='1.2' cr='cr123')   Do you have any other ideas? Maybe you use already something similar?  Take care, Marcin "
b'479739'	b'How do you manage customers with regards to changing requirements?'	b"Steve Yegge's wisdom notwithstanding, most developers are faced with requirements which were gathered from non-technical customers.  Sometimes there are project managers who deal with the customers and translate their requirements, other times not.  In any event, the fact that the requirements will change is an inevitability.  Most of what consititues 'good programming practice' has to do with developing systems which are adaptable so that they can withstand changing requirements.  Principles like YAGNI, DRY, loose coupling, etc. contribute to this.  Iterative development processes such as Agile also attempt to address the concern of trying to hit a moving target, and of course having a system under test makes it infinitely more feasible to make changes.  Nonetheless, it seems that for many of us changing requirements can not only hurt the quality of our software, but can also drain our motivation and make us want to stab someone.  This question is about how to manage the customer to make it possible for them to change their requirements in the ways that they need, while discouraging arbitrary or frivolous changes.  How do you do it?   Do you have project managers to insulate the devs from the customer? Do you have a formal change management process?  Change managers? How difficult is it for the customer to get a change when they really need it? Conversely, how easy is it for a customer to get a change when it's 'frivolous'? How much detail do you give the customer when explaining the cost of a change? How quickly are you able to give the customer this information after receiving a request for change? What factors can torpedo the process (e.g. PM's who can't say no to the customer?) What works for you?  "
b'345825'	b'Requirements or Testing?'	b"If you had to do without one or the other in a software project, which would you pick? I've had plenty of projects in which the client or PM thought they could get away without one or the other.  We always paid the price.   "
b'123089'	b'How do you avoid waiting for requirements when using iterative agile development methods like SCRUM?'	b"We attempt to do agile development at my current job and we succeed for the most part. The main problem seems to be that the developers on the project are always waiting for requirements at the beginning of the sprint and rushing to get get things down by the end. The business analysts who are delivering the requirements are always working non-stop to get the requirements done.  EDIT: Additional Information: We are customizing a COTS application for our internal use. Our 'user stories' just consist of what part of the application we will be customizing in the specific sprint and also what systems we will integrate with internally. The integration with different systems normally works pretty well because we can start working on that right away. The 'customize x screen' are the main problems areas because the developers can't do anything from that. We have to wait until we get the requirements from the BAs before we can really do anything.  EDIT: More insight/confusion perhaps: I wonder if part of the problem is that the screen that are being customized are already there as this is a COTS product that is being heavily customized. People suggest that the user stories should be along the lines of 'make a screen that does X'. That's already done. Maybe there isn't a good way to do user stories for these requirements... maybe this need to be a whole new question. "
b'10152163'	b'Is validation of user input part of functional requirements?'	b'I am using the FURPS+ model for my requirements. And i know Functionality category are functional requirements and the rest are non-functional requirements.  But i was wondering, is validation counted as a functional or non-functional requirements? Validation for user input on an interface. I was thinking to list it as non-functional under the Usability Category.  Am i right to say that? '
b'193940'	b'Flexibility in the project scope?'	b'How flexible should a programmer be if a client requests requirements that is not in the project scope? '
b'9154522'	b'Functional Software Requirement Specification (FSRS) &amp; Agile development'	b'i am on the way to learn how to lead a group of developers for projects in RoR using agile methodology. I have found some tools online like VersionOne or PivotalTracker, that can help you create iterations, backlog, stories, etc., so you can divide the work with the front and back-end, and make your developers focus exactly on a specific task.    My question is about the step before you start to use this Agile tools, create stories and iterations, and your developers start to make it grow on each one. My doubts are about the step of Technical, Functional and Non-Functional Software Requirements Specification, so after you have it clear, you can start writting up the stories:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Non-functional_requirement.    Are there tools that can guide you how to convert the idea of web app (or mobile app) into a list of stories/iterations in a successful way? some kind of visual representation of states, features or functions (and its relationships) where you can specified functional, non-functinal and tecnhical specs, so after that you can create stories?  thank you very much for your time and patient in advance. '
b'983584'	b'How to make your embedded C code immune to requirement changes without adding too much overhead and complexity?'	b"In many embedded applications there is a tradeoff between making the code very efficient or isolating the code from the specific system configuration to be immune to changing requirements.  What kinds of C constructs do you usually employ to achieve the best of both worlds (flexibility and reconfigurabilty without losing efficiency)?  If you have the time, please read on to see exactly what I am talking about.  When I was developing embedded SW for airbag controllers, we had the problem that we had to change some parts of the code every time the customer changed their mind regarding the specific requirements. For example, the combination of conditions and events that would trigger the airbag deployment changed every couple weeks during development. We hated to change that piece of code so often.  At that time, I attended the Embedded Systems Conference and heard a brilliant presentation by Stephen Mellor called 'Coping with changing requirements'. You can read the paper here (they make you sign-up but it's free).  The main idea of this was to implement the core behavior in your code but configure the specific details in the form of data. The data is something you can change easily and it can even be programmable in EEPROM or a different section of flash.  This idea sounded great to solve our problem. I shared this with my colleague and we immediately started reworking some of the SW modules.  When trying to use this idea in our coding, we encountered some difficulty in the actual implementation. Our code constructs got terribly heavy and complex for a constrained embedded system.  To illustrate this I will elaborate on the example I mentioned above. Instead of having a a bunch of if-statements to decide if the combination of inputs was in a state that required an airbag deployment, we changed to a big table of tables. Some of the conditions were not trivial, so we used a lot of function pointers to be able to call lots of little helper functions which somehow resolved some of the conditions. We had several levels of indirection and everything became hard to understand. To make a long story short, we ended up using a lot of memory, runtime and code complexity. Debugging the thing was not straightforward either. The boss made us change some things back because the modules were getting too heavy (and he was maybe right!).  PS: There is a similar question in SO but it looks like the focus is different. Adapting to meet changing business requirements? "
b'735609'	b'Should I use formal methods on my software project?'	b"Our client wants us to build a web-based, rich internet application for gathering software requirements.  Basically it's a web-based case tool that follows a specific process for getting requirements from stakeholders.  I'm the project manager and we're still in the early phases of the project.  I've been thinking about using formal methods to help clarify the requirements for the tool for both my client and the developers.  By formal methods I mean some form of modeling, possibly something mathematically-based.  Some of the things I've read about and are considering include Z (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z_notation), state machines, UML 2.0 (possibly with extensions such as OCL), Petri nets, and some coding-level stuff like contracts and pre and post conditions.  Is there anything else I should consider?  The developers are experienced but depending on the formalism used they may have to learn some math.  I'm trying to determine whether it's worth while for me to use formal methods on this project and if so, to what extent.  I know 'it depends' so the most helpful answers for me is a yes/no and supporting arguments.  Would you use formal methods if you were on this project? "
b'2350829'	b'Defining the Vision Through Business Requirements'	b'How to write a vision [generally] for some business ? Is it have some template ? any example ? Business about online ticket services . '
b'8044115'	b'Functional or non-functional requirement?'	b"I'm wondering about functional or non-functional requirements. I have found lot of different definitions for those terms and I can't assign some of my requirement to proper category.  I'm wondering about requirements that aren't connected with some action or have some additional conditions, for example:   On the list of selected devices, device can be repeated. Database must contain at least 100 items Currency of some value must be in USD dollar. Device must have a name and power consumption value in Watts.   are those requirements functional or non-functional ? "
b'7852113'	b'How to treat future requirements in terms of TDD'	b"While attempting to adopt more TDD practices lately on a project I've run into to a situation regarding tests that cover future requirements which has me curious about how others are solving this problem.  Say for example I'm developing an application called SuperUberReporting and the current release is 1.4. As I'm developing features which are to be included in SuperUberReporting 1.5 I write a test for a new file export feature that will allow exporting report results to a CSV file. While writing that test it occurs to me that the feature to support exports to some other formats are slated for later versions 1.6, 1.7, and 1.9 which are documented in a issue tracking software. Now the question that I'm faced with is whether I should write up tests for these other formats or should I wait until I actually implement those features? This question hits at something a bit more fundamental about TDD which I would like to ask more broadly.  Can/should tests be written up front as soon as requirements are known or should the degree of stability of the requirements somehow determine whether a test should be written or not?  More generally, how far in advance should tests be written? Is it OK to write a test that will fail for two years until the that feature is slated to be implemented? If so then how would one organize their tests to separate tests that are required to pass versus those that are not yet required to pass? I'm currently using NUnit for a .NET project so I don't mind specifics since they may better demonstrate how to accomplish such organization. "
b'7771781'	b'Writing a Test Plan for Requirements without Domain Knowledge'	b"I'm writing up a test plan to verfy that software, which I didn't write, satisfies a bunch requirements.  What advice do you have? Has anyone been in this situation before? I reach out for help from the developer who wrote the code and the requirements expert, but getting a lot of their time is tough. "
b'2169360'	b'Personal tool for authoring &amp; organizing user stories?'	b"My company uses Jira for storing requirements, which are written in the form of User Stories ('As a ... I want ... So that...') with details in the subtasks ('Given ... when ... then...').  I write requirements, usually an iteration ahead of the developers.  I tend to draft my requirements in a word processor before putting them in Jira. I like the flexibility as I'm working out the best way to organize the information, jumping around from one story to another, using search &amp; replace as I figure out the clearest wording, etc.  While a word processor outline is helpful for much of this, it's not so good at tracking issue links: dependencies &amp; related requirements.  So, can anybody recommend a good tool for writing stories &amp; tasks which allows me to diagram relationships as I write? I've been thinking in terms of something which handles concept mapping (though not mind mapping, which is generally limited to 1 central concept). This is just for my personal authoring; I don't need a project management system.  Thanks in advance.  Update: After posting this, I started wondering about TiddlyWiki. That's not quite the right tool, given its linking methods, but seems the right direction... Does that vein spark any ideas? "
b'7276954'	b'Real requirements vs business requirements'	b"Let's say I have an account creation form, which fills a user database. Let's say this database table has 6 columns: UserID, UserLogin, Password, Email, Demographic1, Demographic2.  The program really requires UserID, UserLogin, and Password. It can't function without. The rest are 'business requirements', the company would like to know these things. They are 'required'.  Would it be better to structure my application and database so that these are actually required, or to enforce this constraint in business logic?  My gut is telling me the 2nd choice, but in nearly all the production code I've seen, the 1st is usually the case.  Is this lack of planning, or some sort of imprinting on programmers from the business/pm (they tell me it's required, I'll make it required). Or, is there a compelling reason? "
b'6982123'	b'Requirements coverage without tracebabilty matrix'	b'How to check whether the test case has covered all the requirements other than tracebaility matrix. '
b'6763152'	b'Software Requirements Specification - Functional Requirements'	b"I'm preparing an SRS document for a new software and I'm facing difficulty in distinguishing between the 'Functional Requirements Definition' and 'Detailed Functional Requirements'.  The former, I am using 'Use Cases' to briefly introduce the user on the functionality. The latter, a tabular form should be used specifying 'Precondition, Trigger, Basic Path, etc ...'.   Are both sections the same? Some recommend using State Chart, shall I conclude the State Chart from the Use Case definition?  Any worth guidance is appreciated.  regards "
b'6914226'	b'How not to assume that your data will be stored in files'	b"How would you formulate software requirements without saying: 'The software has to know the filename of the configuration file.'? You don't know yet if the configuration data will be held in a file a database or whatever may be decided later. So how would you generically refer to the address of this location without introducing technical constraints? "
b'2685484'	b'Analyzing client requirements and formulating software functionalities'	b'How does one go about properly analyzing the requirements of a client in terms of software and writing down a list of functionalities? Feel free to share your own experiences. '
b'6136807'	b'understanding database system requirements specifications'	b"assuming that you have the following sentence in a requirements document  The system has to keep track of the names of publishers, their addresses and telephone numbers   does that mean each publisher can have multiple addresses and multiple phone numbers ?.  again something like that  Information about the books\xe2\x80\x99 names and author(s) is maintained in the database.   does that mean each book can have multiple authors ?  assuming this is not a real system ( can't get clarification from real clients ) what is the default decision i should take ?  this might not be very programming related , i was going to post this in English stackexchange site but i thought this is the right place since i am more concerned about the database design  thanks in advance "
b'5202909'	b'Using cucumber for writing the functional requirements document for a Rails app'	b'In the light of BDD, would it be a good idea to use Cucumber features and scenarios to write up the functional requirements document at the start of a new Rails project? '
b'1528117'	b'How do we track the details of a user story?'	b"So if a user story is a something nebulous like:  As a sales rep, I would like to capture the contact information so that I can follow up later on.  I'm not even sure if that's a valid user story but I'm sure it's close enough.  Then there are details/tasks for implementing that user story. And I'm sure 'The sales rep should be able to tab from one textbox to another.' is one of the requirements.  How do we capture/track this?  Is this part of the user story or is it something that's to be considered separately? "
b'5811048'	b'Can I create hierarchial Requirements document using TFS query or TFS Report'	b"I am exploring feasibility of using TFS for software process on our next project.  One need is to be able to create a requirements document from individual linked requirements within TFS.  I've currently got mock-up projects in both Agile and CMMI with a set of requirements linked with parent child relationships.  I can query these requirements in both Agile and CMMI but the result doesn't show the hierarchy.  With CMMI I can run the report 'Project Management::Requirements Progress' which shows requirement titles with indention based on hierarchy. It doesn't however show the detailed descriptions  What I'd like is to auto generate a Word document with hierarchical headings based on TFS requirement work items and their parent/child relationships.  Also to generate rich text and drawings from the TFS requirement Work Item descriptions.  So a secondary question is how to change the description field in the Requirements Work Item to support rich text so that the reports can use it. If I try to edit the Task Work Item Description field it warns me that continuing to save may make file unloadable. "
b'5296944'	b'Which tool to use to create requirements?'	b'Which tool for linux to create requirements and user stories can you recommend me?  I want to start with something like explained here, but was wondering is there a better way.  EDIT  I guess I could also use just a text editor to write requirements. '
b'3470789'	b'How to Capture and manage requirements from a statement of work (SOW)'	b'Can anyone gives us tricks, uses case, book and any other ressources for how to Capture and manage requirements from a statement of work(SOW). '
b'4954578'	b'What are the client requirements for a .NET Outlook-AddIn (VSTO 2010)?'	b'we are planning to implement a Outlook-Addin (2007/2010). Our first attempt would be to do it with VSTO 2010, but we wonder if there are some special requirements on the client in this case. '
b'4563399'	b'How to interpret term cardinality?'	b"An SRS document is provided describing various aspects of the end-product, system maintenance tool. The only paragraph I'm failing to understand is 'Component Cardinality'. What does this term mean in such context?   The table looks like this:  Component Cardinality ========================= Trigger   | 1..*    | 1..* Input     | 1..1    | 1..* Transform | 1..*    | 1..1   And the other one:  Component | Configuration | Cardinality ======================================= Trigger   | Schedule      | 1           | Recurrence    | 1           | Condition     | 0..*   Please help to interpret this properly. Many thanks "
b'4437669'	b'Please Review these Requirements im abit lost'	b'Hi im insure about functional and non functional requirements, are these correct ?  FUNCTIONAL:  Player Creates account.  Player Chooses Region.  Player Chooses Player type.  Player TypeA/Player Typeb Views Game statistics.  Player TypeA Views opponent List.  Player TypeA/Player Typeb Selects Target/Assassin From Job List.  Player TypeA/Player Typeb Views opponent Map.  Player TypeA views weapons.  Player TypeA equips weapon .  Player TypeA Shoots weapon; compute hit probability.  Combat opponents player is hit; opponent eliminated Player TypeA receives points.  Player TypeA/Player Typeb sends message.  Player Typeb views target history.  This program requires a gps connection is this a functional requirement ?  Non-Functional: ????? what would they be based on my functional ones ?   I will seriously give everyone cookies if they can answer my Questions ! '
b'4294483'	b'establishing functional requirements - level of detail'	b'Where do you draw the line between functional requirements and aspects of design?   If i can illustrate, one function of my system is that it must implement a user hierarchy.   In this instance would the definition of what those hierarchies are come under requirements (assuming you already know what the user hierarchies are) or would they come under the design aspect of a project? '
b'4275403'	b'How to organize information about program solution?'	b'\xd0\x9d\xd0\xb5ll\xd0\xbe. I develop system that works with stock exchange(system, below). And there is a lot of information my program need to interact with this system. This system has formal declared interface, but different details beside this declaration and requirements to my system is often changed.   So how can I organize available information about this system and requirements to my program that it could be both easy to understand and easy to change. '
b'4250117'	b'How to prove to colleagues that use-cases are important?'	b"...  and how to prove to management that use-cases can be informal and still useful?  Hi folks,  I came in the middle of a project and found out that there are no use-cases, user-stories, requirements, neither anything similar to a specification. Since the deadlines are short, the current dev team don't want to spend time on such things. I wanted to join that project, but by digging more I found out that the current development adds features just by considering their 'wow-effect' and chooses what to add just by using the easiness that the underlying technology provides. I was surprised how they have managed to go so far (more than 4 months) without requirements, but this is what we have now. I believe that the way they have chosen is the most sure one to kill the product which has a good marketing value.  Am I right, and what would you do in a similar circumstances to prove the dev team/management to make use-cases/requirements before moving forward? Thanks in advance, kh.  P.S. Two copies of Cockburn's book are on the bookshelf... "
b'136542'	b'Best way to avoid scope creep as a developer with no project management'	b"I'm a s/w developer in a small internal IT department within a financial firm and have worked on a number of small-medium sized projects that have had little or no project management throughout.  This seems to always result in scope creep and therefore not meeting deadlines and having to sacrifice good design/code to satisfy users/managers in the short term.  What can I do as a developer to ensure user requirements are nailed down before any code is written and that any change requests are properly managed, considering the demands and expectations of users/managers.    Thanks. "
b'4009011'	b'Write iPhone requirements specification?'	b'What do you use to draw iPhone ui and write iPhone requirements specification? '
b'3932741'	b'What is the relationship between requirements and test cases?'	b'I see that there are many systems out there for requirements to test cases traceability and I started to ask myself what the relationship is between these two artefacts.  For example, why have the notion of test cases as opposed to just calling them detailed requirements?  Are test cases in fact a refinement of the requirements set?  If test cases are not requirements and require more than the documented requirements (e.g. testing more errors, etc) then surely the requirements set is incomplete?  Are requirements just abstract test cases? '
b'2942027'	b'What were the requirement elicitation techniques before use cases?'	b"I had a little presentation for my coworkers about use case elicitation and then one of them asked 'What were the requirement elicitation techniques before use cases? And how use cases are better than previous methods?' I have no idea, can anybody help? "
b'3717105'	b'Architectural principles as &quot;non-functional&quot; user stories'	b"I am about to start a pilot project in our company to introduce agile practices, including the use of user stories. After reading two books by Mike Cohn, Agile Estimating and Planning in particular and User Stories Applied, I now have a clearer idea of how to proceed. I have confidence in refining  our techniques along with practice.  However there is one thing that does not convince me. In this blog post Mike Cohn defines a specific type of user stories, which he called constraints, which can be used to define the so-called non-functional requirements. Personally I do not like the word constraint and even the use of the classic template 'As a ..., I want ..., so that ...'.  Rather I will try make the customer to write, always on the cards, perhaps with the above template, those that Nick Rozanski and Eoin Woods called, in their fantastic book Software Systems Architecture, architectural principles:     'An architectural Principle is a statement of belief, approach, or intent that guides the definition of an architecture.'   (they also divide these principles into business principles and technology principles, a differentiation I think we should not care of.)  What I would like to do with these principles cards is to put them next to our backlog cards board in order to have them always present during the user stories definition and the planning activities. I would also encourage customers and developers to pick them up and put them next to the iteration board each time they think a card could be useful as a reminder for the team.  Have you ever tried any similar approach? Do you discourage it for any reason? Have you any suggestion on this matter? "
b'3511304'	b'What are some good specification/requirements document items for a small iPhone app project?'	b"I'm whipping up a short specifications/requirements document for a small prototype iPhone app project.  Describing the basic functionality and behavior is not an issue for me.  But, since my mobile application and iPhone development knowledge is very weak, I'm not really sure what else should be in such a document regarding best practices and such.  Example: In my programming world (server side Java), when spec'ing a project for outsourcing, I state that the project must pass static bug analysis by FindBugs.  Example: I understand that there are API calls Apple does not want app developers invoking.  These can be cause for having an app rejected from the app store.  But I'm not sure how to say that we want Apple's guidelines respected.  (I don't even know how to test for that.)  What should I include in a two-page requirements and specification document that is specific to iPhone app development? "
b'3514193'	b'In Scrum or other Agile processes - how do you handle requirement versions'	b'In Scrum and/or other Agile methods how do you handle versions of requirements simply? I assume that there are plenty of organisations who are Agile but also need to keep a track of requirement changes for regulatory purposes and so on.  You may have a requirement in version 1 which is substantially altered in version 8. How do you track that kind of change between releases? '
b'3040163'	b'Design and Implementation stories for one feature in Scrum?'	b"If I divide development of a particular feature into multiple stories:    First one for a high level design of the feature, Based on first story I create other stories to develop the different stand-alone pieces that compose the feature,    Does it mean I'm doing waterfall?  Furthermore - if I divide development of the previously identified stand-alone pieces into design and implementation.   Would that mean that I'm doing waterfall?  Note: I am big time Scrum novice.  "
b'2834413'	b'Use Case diagrams as a requirements gathering tool for new functionality - particularly in systems that only require very little user interaction'	b"I'm interested in persuing the idea of using Use Case Diagrams as a tool for collecting user requirements.  However, it will be for new features as opposed to developing a system from scratch.  Also, the system only has a small level of user interaction - most of the actors will be external systems.  I want to know what people's experiances have been with using this method of gathering requirements.  How did your customers respond to the change and was it positive?  Did it just not work for anybody?  Thanks, "
b'268458'	b'Good tool to collect issues, improvements, ideas'	b"I need a tool for collecting feedback and new ideas inside our company regarding our internal IS product. The problem is the acceptance level for such a tool. Most of our colleagues are not IT oriented, so a solution like BugZilla or Jira is way to complicated for them to use. You need to create an account, take care of a lot of parameters before submission, new ideas about new software doesn't really fit well in these tools, etc...  So, here are my requirements:      No login need, or optional. Few fields to enter. If possible a WYSIWYG editor for the main description field. Web based or E-mail based (we use outlook internaly). Free (as a beer). Not too chaotic (a Wiki is not an option)   I've take a look at uservoice (of course), it's really a nice tool for experienced people, but too complex for my target users. "
b'2528402'	b'Perl &amp; PHP project requirement'	b'I have learned Perl and PHP.So I want to do simple real time project in this by that I can improve my knowledge in Perl and PHP.  Can anyone suggest me any requirements.  Thanks in Advance  '
b'2462874'	b'Handling conflicting priorities and expectations in project development'	b'There are any number of situations in the standard day where priority conflicts exist for projects.  Management wants maximum productivity from employees.  Marketing wants maximum salability and fast turnaround.  Ownership wants maximum profit.  Customers want usability and low cost.  Regardless of the origin of the demands, time and money are always the limiting factor in business.    Sometimes project elements have intrinsic or goodwill benefits for which there is not a hard, fast way to measure with monetary means (e.g. arguments for an attractive UI appeal vs. functional but plain).  Other elements of software may have a method of providing \xe2\x80\x9cmental breaks\xe2\x80\x9d or motivating \xe2\x80\x9ccool factor\xe2\x80\x9d for developers that can get them back on track on other bigger, complex issues.  While they may sidetrack the project short term they may have greater results long term through improved job satisfaction, etc.  Continued training is a must, but working it in can setup back progress.   What are your suggestions for setting priorities?  How do you evaluate requests/demands on your projects? What are your suggestions for communicating and passing those on to your team in a way that they stay focused?  '
b'2231658'	b'What is a logical requirement?'	b"An SRS should specify 'logical requirements' but not start 'design'.  My problem is in the IEEE SRS document (IEEE Std 830-1998) section 5.3.4 says:   5.3.4 Logical database requirements  This should specify the logical requirements for any information that is to be placed in a database.  This may include the following:       a)  Types of information used by various functions;     b)  Frequency of use;     c)  Accessing capabilities d)  Data entities and their relationships e)  Integrity constraints f)  Data retention requirements    So does d) mean drawing the ERD is ok?  When does specifying the system to this level in REQUIREMENTS bleed in to DESIGN? "
b'2106215'	b'Do any software developers know what the General Systems Model or an Organizational Model is?'	b"Apparently the General Systems Model and Organizational Model are part of requirements phase of a software development project using the waterfall model (according to my professor), but we did not learn about this in my software engineering course, neither of my two software engineering books mention them, and Google doesn't seem to know what they are either. I'm not a business developer and I don't have to do any of this stuff normally, so I am in unfamiliar territory. I have to have the requirements, analysis, and design phase of a software project finished by tomorrow (it was assigned yesterday) and I can't proceed on the requirements section because my professor is requesting these unusual things for it. I would ask my professor if I thought there was even a remote chance of getting a response, but that is unlikely. "
b'2036032'	b'How would I word this feature and user story?'	b"I am learning to create features and user stories and was reading this thread:  What is the difference between a User Story and a Feature in Agile terminology?  But I'm not sure how it helps here.  Say I'm writing a tetris game and I want it to be in color.  How would I write that?  Feature:  game must be in color  User Story:  As a user I want the game to be in color so I can tell blocks apart and see them easily  User Story:  As a user I want the game to be in color so that I can view my score and round clearly  that may not be perfect but is this something like how I would write this with something as basic as this?  Should I have just taken for granted things like this and not worried about it (my thought is no)?  Thank you.  EDIT:  maybe tetris isn't the best example.  I was pretending it was brand new and something that no one knew what it should really be or look like.  Is this really just artistic license that shouldn't be captured?  If this were the stories for the very first tetris game ever would you really capture this about the color feature and then break up that into separate user stories of value?  EDIT:  I guess my real problem is that I don't know basic to get when gathering requirements and didn't want to miss anything in my learning.  EDIT:  Are user stories not part of scrum and not agile?  I thought agile was a philosophy and various implementations created what we call user stories.  I put scrum as a tag because that was what I was trying to learn. "
b'1779121'	b'Domain Language: What is the best way to express?'	b'One of my client sent me a requirement document and while reading that document there was a flash came in my mind. I started rewriting that big document similar like below. Do you think, an automated tool can generate a data model and rules by running through this. Say, if any client communicate their requirement in this approach, it will make every one to understand the domain better.  I understand that since I know what is blog and comment and post I am able to relate it easily here. However, if one chop down all the technical terms of their business in this manner, will it not be easy to make every one on the same page?   Model:   blog has a date  blog has a content blog has a author  blog has many comments  content may have images content may have links  comment has a blog  comment has a name  comment has an email  comment may have an url  comment has a date  Rules:   blog cannot be empty blog may be published or drafted blog should have a author blog cannot be deleted when comment is present blog cannot have comments after 20 days    Edit:  What I am really trying to come up here is -- once you get a requirement document and if you create a document that is mentioned here you will be able to figure out what the client is exactly looking for.   And, the other advantage is that you can use this document for further enhancements and development of the project. Or even a client can directly edit this document by hand since he now learnt how we are looking his requirements (I mean our language).   Now to some degree this statements can be interpreted in different way.   For example, I could have some tool that will analyze the statements and come up with information like if any model changes, rule changes are made it into this document.   Edit:  I am currently trying to follow this approach in a complex model like Order Management, I will update here what ever I learnt. Meanwhile, if you anyone is interested in here they can also involve with me. '
b'1804995'	b'How to deal with rapid project spec changes in a tight deadline scenario?'	b"How to deal with a project manager that imposes really tight deadlines but with a day or so before the deadline brings in new features and spec changes to implement, with another tight deadline.    The worst thing about this is that most of the new stuff leads to major rewriting of the existing code, as previously implemented business rules are no longer applicable or 'gain' strange corner cases that need to be treated separately.   It seems that no matter how hard we try to make the system extensible, there always are things that come up literally in the last moment and need to be implemented and supported quickly.  How could I deal with such a situation? It's being really demoralizing and one colleague has already quit the team. "
b'343034'	b'Which tools you use in the initial brain-storming of the project requirements?'	b'Other than pencil &amp; paper? I found freemind, the mapping tool very useful.  Any other ideas? '
b'513230'	b'What is the best way of formally expressing usability requirements?'	b"I am writing a system requirements document and need to include non-functional requirements relating to the usability of the system, but am not sure of the best way to express this.  'The system shall be easy to use' seems a bit vague to me, and not testable. Are there any 'official' standards/guidelines that can be adhered to relating to the usability of a program? "
b'1803136'	b'Gathering Requirements with Scrum'	b"My development team is working to the Scrum methodolody, pretty much. We have a prioritised product backlog, which we break down into sprints tracked by a burndown chart.   Trouble is, the product managers (who gather requirements from the stakeholders) will give us an outline of the requirements, say a few days before the start of a sprint, or set of sprints.   We then have a look through them, revise them with what is feasible (technically and within reasonable time). This gets sent off for review by management, other product manages and stakeholders, and usually revised/tweaked further, which tends to go on in a circle until it has all settled down.  Meanwhile, the sprint start date is upon us and we start grabbing at the requirements we are pretty sure are stable. Once those are done we are left with endless days of tweaking the code as the requirements shift around slightly.  While I'm aware that requirements shouldn't be considered fixed, I just feel like we are managing this badly, and trying to fit a waterfall requirements approach into agile development.   Does anyone have any improvement suggestions or experience of this kind of issue?   Edit: This is probably a worst case scenario for us - sometimes the requirements are pretty stable and we actually use Scrum properly! However, more frequently we are seeing the above scenario in our sprints, which is why I have asked the question. I know that the above is not really proper Scrum, that is sort-of the issue :) "
b'933353'	b'Requirements testing'	b"I've just finished the implementation of my software system and now I have to document whether it has satisfied its requirements. What sort of information should I include and how should I lay it out?  My initial functional and non-functional requirements was in a two-column table and looked something like this:   FN-01 The system should allow users to send private messages to each other.   NFN-03 The setup/con\xef\xac\x81guration form should contain sensible default values for most  \xef\xac\x81elds.  "
b'1087854'	b'Is it possible to quantify scalability as a requirement?'	b"G'day,  I was reading the item Quantify in the book '97 Things Every Software Architect Should Know' (sanitised Amazon link) and it got me wondering how to quantify scalability.  I have designed two systems for a major British broadcasting corporation that are used to:   detect the country of origin for incoming HTTP requests, or determine the suitable video formats for a mobile phones's screen geometry and current connection type.   Both of the designs were required to provide scalability.  My designs for both systems are scalable horizontally behind caching load-balancing layers which are used to handle incoming requests for both of these services and distribute them across several servers which actually provide the service itself. Initial increases in service capacity are made by adding more servers behind the load-balance layer, hence the term horizontal scalability.  There is a limit to the scalability of this architecture however if the load balance layer starts having difficulty coping with the incoming request traffic.  So, is it possible to quantify scalability? Would it be an estimate of how many additional servers you could add to horizontally scale the solution? "
b'1325672'	b'How to ask a business user for cardinality information?'	b"When collecting requirements from business users, I run into a point where I need to understand the cardinality between two concepts in the business user's domain.  This is usually something I want to know early in the process, since it affects database design which is hard to change later.  For example, the busines user may have a domain-specific concept of a 'Lead' and a 'Reference'. It's not always easy to get them to tell me how many References a Lead has, or vice versa.  If I was asking a DB programmer, I may simply ask, 'what's the cardinality between a Lead and a Reference?' However, this doesn't always make sense to a business user. "
b'1203679'	b'Requirements and technical design as a single effort?'	b"I've been working on a large, multi-year project as a web architect.  So far, my responsibility has been to take requirements documentation provided by the customer's analyst and translate them into technical design documentation.  The 'powers that be' suggest that I take over the requirements documentation and combine them with my efforts on technical design.  Is there a specific problem you see with combining requirements and technical design into one step?  Note that we are already well into development, so a lot of the technical choices (os, app framework, database, servers, etc) have already been set in stone. "
b'742662'	b'Requirements tools with voting systems built in?'	b"Are there any requirements gathering tools that have a voting system built in?  Using categorization is not working well as the law of the land has been whomever reviewed it last has the final say.  This has been a proposed solution to settle differences in opinion during the requirements phase of a project.  Design by committee is a well known antipattern.  There is a standard 'trick' of categorizing things as nice to have and providing an opportunity for others to realize the lack of value certain requirements have.  Unfortunately the request to allow a democratic decision process seems too reasonable to refuse. "
b'596826'	b'How to measure &quot;usability&quot; in a specification-requirements document?'	b"Starting to look at my last year project now, and so I'm doing the specification-requirements document. Now, it just so happens that this project requires a high degree of 'usability' - I dunno if this is the right word in english, but what I mean is that it should be really easy to use from a user PoV. Now - in all the projects I've worked on so far, usability haven't really been a great factor, and so I could just write some gibberish to get around it. I always asked our teachers how they would specify the requirements of usability though, but no one have yet given me an answer I felt was good enough.  Our teachers have always preached that any requirement given on a project should be 'test-able', but how do you test how easily accessable your user-interface is?  Say I had a real-time application running. Here it wouldnt be too hard to say 'an entry should be deleted in less then 100ms after the initial call'. But it's a lot harder to say 'The userinterface should be 86% intuitive'.  I guess this is a tough nut to crack, but surely I can't be the first person in the world to have thought about this, let alone having problems with it. "
b'378425'	b'Software Requirements Reviews with MS Word - How do I get metrics in an automated way?'	b"Let's say I have a requirements document in MS Word, and someone else reviews it an provides a list of issues found using the 'Track Changes' feature.  Is there a way to extract 'how many major/minor issues were found during the review?' using an automated script - for metrics purposes?  I see CodeCollaborator has some MS Word integration, but it doesn't seem to know how to look inside Word to extract the tracked changes data.  It just launches the document. "
b'304145'	b'Project design / specification critique, is this the right idea?'	b'Say we are creating Acme CMS.  This CMS web application will allow you to create an unlimited number of categories with sub-categories (unlimited depth), and each category can have 0+ content pages associated with it.  So this project, at a high level will have:   Front End  1. index page  2. category page with list of content pages  3. content page  Admin Control Panel  1. categories (add/update/delete)  2. pages (add/update/delete/)  Schema design  1. tables  2. stored procedures  3. data access layer  Questions: I am using a bug tracker and Wiki, so how should I break this project down?  I am thinking of breaking each section (front end/ admin panel) down into individual pages, then writing simple user stories for each page (or theme).  When I have the user stories completed, I will then create a list of cases in my bug tracker representing features that I have to develop, along with an estimate for each one.  Am I breaking down this project properly?  Any major gaps in planning that will make this project fail (in theory anyway!)  Please provide a detailed answer, maybe a general idea of what I should do, with a detailed example explaining it and why etc. '
b'307353'	b'The Neglected Stakeholder a.k.a the System Administrator'	b'Some time ago I came to realize that almost every customer project that I have been working on so far has neglected an important group of stakeholders: the system administrators.  These silent heroes are usually only involved at the end of a project and are left with an executable black box of bits that they have to install, support, and maintain for years to come. Whenever an issue occurs with this black box they have to find a way to resolve it using whatever random piece of information and tool support made available to them by the black box or the underlying platform, and if this is not sufficient then they have to improvise.  If they had been involved as a stakeholder in the project from the beginning they would have had a chance to predict potential problems and inform the project team about it. But reality is different and even though I as a developer would love to involve the system administrator as an extra stakeholder, external factors may prevent this from happening.  In these situations I would like to help our silent heroes as good as I can. So my question is:  What would a system administrator wish from us developers when we develop the systems they will have to maintain?   If you are a system administrator please tell a war story about a difficult problem you once had and what developers could have done to make it easier for you to solve it. '
b'250050'	b'Best programming methodology for very fast timeline and little requirements?'	b'What is a good programming methodology for custom applications that need to be coded very fast and very customized?  I realize the lack of requirements is a problem no matter what.  Also how do you convince management to change their practices? Next question is how to you get people to stop writing 5000 line single file programs?   '
b'161027'	b'Advice on splitting up a process involving multiple actors into Use Cases'	b"Let's say I am modelling a process that involves a conversation or exchnage between two actors.  For this example, I'll use something easily understandable:-   Supplier creates a price list, Buyer chooses some items to buy and sends a Purchase Order, Supplier receives the purchase order and sends the goods. Supplier sends an invoice Buyer receives the invoice and makes a payment   Of course each of those steps in itself could be quick complicated.  How would you split this up into use cases in your requirements document?  If this process was treated as a single use-case it could fill a book.  Alternatively, making a use case out of each of the above steps would hide some of the essential interaction and flow that should be captured.  Would it make sense to have a use case that starts at 'Received a purchase order' and finishes at 'Send an Invoice' and then another that starts at 'Receive an Invoice' and ends at 'Makes a Payment'?  Any advice? "
